I think that would pan out I had a
similar idea
Anthony cumin yeah we're alive sir I
love it Joe Rogan if it was not for you
oh my god this this would not exist
which is insane that is a hundred
percent actual fact I was watching you
doing live from the compound me and
Brian Redman were sitting in my fucking
living room and we were watching you
while you were fucking playing karaoke
you're singing karaoke with a machine
gun in front of a green screen I was
like this guy this guy just set up his
own studio like he already has Opie and
Anthony show at the time you guys were
at Sirius XM yeah and he just decided to
do this thing in your basement just for
a goof yeah it was like a hobby
it's like guys who don't have kids
married who not married don't have kids
don't have anybody telling them what to
do and they also have disposable income
didn't you get to see what guys really
want to do they want to sing karaoke
with a machine gun in front of a green
screen yes it was great crazy gun guy
karaoke so I could do that if I was
married I would have a wife that would
lose her mind at my living room like my
living room table that you're supposed
to have a candle on and little
tchotchkes and stuff is a widescreen
computer monitor and a gaming system
right next to the table I have a gaming
computer that's just unbelievable
and I sit there and just play video
games so the table itself is a gaming
monitor yeah the whole tape well it is
one of those touchscreen ones no it's
it's a giant wide monitor it's like like
40 inches wide so that's the table no
it's on the table yeah the tables big
heavy metal thing but but it's just
everything there's VR goggles up on the
console by the TV
it's just sensors around the room for
the VR it's a a playground and you're
absolutely right guys will spend their
money on having fun if allowed to that's
what this place is this place is insane
you know this is my house you go to my
house it's my wife's house see that's
how it works have one elk head on the
wall that's all I have that's all you're
allowed I laugh at guys when they have
the the man cave like dude come on down
to the man cave the chicks aren't
allowed down here the TV that and I'm
like no her place is the whole house she
relegated you to one room a guy and
you're happy about it you're happy that
you got one room happy wife happy life
that's apparently it didn't work didn't
work for me you know the Thoreau quote
that I say way too many times in this
podcast but I love the quote most men
live lives of silent desperation Wow
yeah it that is true it's a hundred
percent true it was I was married for a
time and it was it was a nightmare it
was a living hell for me the only thing
that got me through as many years as I
was married because I was married nine
years and I don't remember one happy
year out of those nine but I had gotten
into radio pretty early on in that
marriage and that was my life so I
dedicated myself no matter how miserable
anything else in my life was I was doing
radio so I I thought it was awesome I
have a theory about that
I really do I think that a person needs
a certain amount of suffering in their
life and if you look at some of the
all-time great comics or even all-time
great radio personalities like Howard
Stern yeah Howard Stern during his
heyday when he was the fucking man was
miserable and right right he would talk
about it he would hide in his basement a
long story lies like here's this guy
he's the you know the biggest radio
personality ever he's he's huge and yet
he's gotta hide and he's just talking
about masturbating and hiding from his
wife and he can't get any sex and you're
like it didn't matter if he was huge
didn't matter for his famous didn't
matter how rich he was didn't matter
yeah he's just hiding in the basement
and that angst came out on the radio
like you related to him you understood
it yeah yeah I I I get that and it
worked for me because there was a lot of
misery like when I started doing really
well we moved back to New York from from
Boston after we got fired opening myself
you got fired for saying that the mayor
died yeah yeah it was an April Fool's
gag and because we always thought the
the radio April Fool's jokes were so
stupid and
okey and yeah well we changed the format
to all Elvis and it's like after ten
minutes they say April Fool's so we're
like let's just go balls out and say the
mayor's dead and have a news guy come on
and report it and everything and then it
was supposed to subsequently get more
outrageous as the the the show went on
so by the end of it there was a Taiwan
male hooker in the car with him and they
crashed because he was getting a blow
job as a like it was gonna get really
ridiculous but they stopped it early on
and never allowed us to even mention it
so people really thought he died
although it's kind of stupid you go to
the ona show for your news but back then
the internet wasn't what it is now
exactly yeah was it even it was barely a
thing it was barely a thing cuz that was
90 97 around there 98 what year did you
get on your probably earlier I was on
really early like the 80s I was on
bulletin board servers and used to play
trivia games with a 300 baud modem with
people and I thought it was amazing even
then and then in in the when we were up
in Boston
I bought a digital camera that was just
this giant thing and I had a laptop
another giant thing and I would take
pictures of what was going on in the
studio and then post them that night on
a website that I figured out I used to
code the HTML myself and make a website
just to post pictures and links and
people thought it was amazing like
you're seeing what we talked about that
day
it wasn't instant but it was pretty cool
and then I started doing videos I was
able to put video like maybe eight
second clips of nude girls if they were
in the studio and pop that up and people
loved it and then I got a bill from the
the company for bandwidth and I didn't
know bandwidth it was a twelve thousand
dollar bill for a month yeah yeah cuz I
think there was no there was no
compression or anything I'm pumping
video out to thousands of people
uncompressed and apparently they had
that happen a couple of times so they
told
I just don't do it again they didn't
make me pay which was pretty cool
Wow but at that point I had to learn
about you know coding and a compression
and things like that so you just kept
doing it and just just put them in some
sort of a compress for me yeah yeah
would you uh would you used your member
back oh god I think it was like four
audio it was real audio which was
hilarious player real audio player would
pop up and then for video god I can't
even remember what it was but it was
terrible it was all pixelated you know
like ten frames per minute because weird
the things like real audio which was
everywhere just yeah they just quit yeah
they gave up around still and listen
they changed into something else you
know or got bought out by something up
yeah yeah yeah that happens to
everything but honestly if it was not
for you and your show live from the
competent and 400 P and a hilarious
because Opie and Anthony was the first
radio show that I really realized you
don't really have to have a format yeah
you just talk yeah it was just kind of a
talk thing there was a hang it was a
hang and a lot of the we were on the
same company it was the same company as
Howard Stern Studios radio look at that
real still here it says it makes stories
from your videos and photos now but this
is exactly what it is it's real it's a
real player automatically makes video
stories from your best photos sorry
automatic - yeah used to be a good way
to watch porn with weird codecs when
porn had a weird codex you know like who
have fucking who compiled it yeah and
you'd get it you'd watch it unreal
player like we get porn from BitTorrent
yeah yeah and then sometimes you
wouldn't have anything on your computer
to play it what's a codec not available
yeah exactly hissed off because you like
the fine nail fuck yeah it's like no
that thumbnail was awesome I got to see
this
I remember the first time I ever got a
porn video sent to me I was like this is
crazy yeah yeah watch a porn video
before it was just photos
the photos were insane because I I guess
it was around the mid-90s my brother had
picked up a an Apple computer I don't
even know what model it was or anything
but it was it was pretty good for the
time and I just sat in front of that
thing for hours and hours on end just
one porn pick it was no videos just
pictures and you know how they used to
scroll sometimes it was a corrupt file
so halfway down it would just turn white
yeah and pixelated in zigzaggy but just
four hours just one more one more one
more it would slowly emerge it was very
very compelling yeah you'd sit there
just waiting seedy printers faster now
yeah that it was downloading photos on a
14k modem yeah yeah it's insane to think
the technology end of it because you got
thumb drives with more memory than
entire computers had just a few years
ago and and I remember I guess it was
Bill Gates or something said you'll
you'll never need anything more powerful
than a 486 years ago and it's like but a
couple of Meg's of memory and just crazy
the demand for a computer power got way
out of hand well especially with games
and stuff yeah I'm a huge game you got
now you download a game like Red Dead
Redemption - or Call of Duty and and
it's 75 to 100 gigs really those games
yeah and it's like that would have would
have been a hundred computers okay and
to think of those floppy disks used to
get games on yeah it would've been a
pallet stacked up like six feet high of
those disks to load it on a computer so
like the old doom game yeah make those
sounds and hopefully it would work and
yeah now you just download them I
haven't been to a gaming store in years
cuz with origin or Steam you just
download the game right off your uh
offline and emption - you just download
it you just download it like I don't
know who goes to Game Stop ring
thing anymore people still do though I
mean there's one of them all I've seen
yeah yeah yeah I've seen it I don't know
maybe for used games
yeah Xbox and PlayStation Xbox you could
download - oh yeah yeah yeah and
Playstations
yeah you just plug that cat 6 or
whatever is having a conversation with
Jordan Peterson about this yesterday off
air I was saying I'm really I get
concerned because I feel like all of our
information like the vast majority of it
is now digital mm-hmm we have some
things that are written down on paper
but even paper so it's so easy to break
and burn and fuck up I mean we lost most
of human beings lost most of the
information about Egypt when they burned
the Library of Alexandria mmm who knows
I mean there could have been all sorts
of schematics and some diagrams detailed
diagrams how they built some of the
things they built last at all you know
that easily could happen to us and then
would be starting from scratch again
yeah the when when it takes some form of
electricity to to get to all this
information you're really dependent on
that there's going to be power that type
of power forever and even if we figure
out how to reboot electricity and say if
someday in the future what if we have a
massive coronal mass ejection and it
fucking nukes the entire the whole grid
and all the satellites go down and we
have to start from scratch yeah decade
two decades before people start
rebuilding computers again that actually
work well they're gonna have to decipher
all this information they're gonna have
to figure out those codecs they're gonna
have to figure eight yeah they're gonna
get drivers to make all this stuff work
and they're gonna miss a lot of it yeah
all the info is literally ones and zeros
and has to be decoded and and put back
together again and some important stuff
if it's on a drive somewhere it could
just get nuked yeah it's gone and then
gone forever all the things that people
figured out gone don't you wish that
would happen itself I'm so cynical man
my really lately more so I I think over
the course of the past few years I've
just gotten more cynical and I think
social media had a big effect on me well
engage too much yes I did I'm off social
media now I have been for maybe months
at least you know I did a personal
choice
well the Twitter kicked me off quite a
few times they kick you off just dumb
shit - it wasn't even it wasn't even
that bad like the last one it was I was
defending Jimmy Norton some girl was on
just bashing Jimmy and and I was like
look at you I go I don't even know what
you are first of all you're either a
masculine girl or a feminine guy and
your hair looks like it was dyed with
period blood is geyser and both at God
they fucking permanently suspended me
well that was the bat was it loads here
even lives like you can't make fun of
that you can't make fun of somebody and
works if there's sexuality and I kind of
called him a a femme or or a butch
whatever it was ever
whichever case whichever's case and to
this day I still don't know actually but
so I get kicked off a lot I have a
Twitter account now but I have not told
anybody what the name is or because I
just use it for research for the show
right because Twitter gets the news
before the news yeah like that's where
everything breaks now on Twitter you
know what's interesting to me louis
farrakhan still on twitter it's it's
amazing you ever read some of the shit
he says it's evil Jews crazy
anti-semitic unbelievably yeah
unbelievable and for whatever reason
they're scared to kick him off yeah they
won't kick him off I guess
Laura Loomer is a Jewish kind of
independent reporter girl and nut case
lash nut case whatever yeah yeah
whatever you want yourself she trained
herself to Twitter yesterday hilarious I
just watched it on periscope as it was
going on and she's got a bullhorn and
she's just yelling at Twitter as they
lose me well you got a bullhorn well you
know it's funny it's kind of left-wing
tactics she was using yeah cuz
conservatives the right Republicans
whatever you want to call it are pretty
mellow when it comes to they don't
demonstrate
great really they like to just get in
there and do their shit whatever it is
but liberals really like getting out
there and marching and yelling and bull
horns and stuff like that so it was
weird like to see that on the other end
yeah but she she just screaming and I
guess I guess they unhooked her and and
arrested her so they kick her off at
Twitter for they kicked her off for
talking about Islam and talking about
how Twitter was celebrating Women's Day
whatever whatever that was on a certain
day by focusing like the picture was one
of those Islamic women that got elected
to office up in what was at Minnesota or
somewhere so she said how hypocritical
that was because you know Islam is for
female genital mutilation and against
women's rights and they kill gay people
and and that's all she posted and she
got kicked off for the hate speech
against Islam and and then her argument
was bluest Farrakhan is saying you know
I'm not an anti-semite I'm an anti
termite equating Jews with insects which
is yeah pretty 1930s Germany kind of a
thing so I you know while her heart was
in the right place I guess did come off
a little wacky she also had a star David
a yellow star David on her or shirt as
she was chained to Twitter people got
upset with that there she has I just
thought to tell you the truth I thought
it was a good strategic move because
you're gonna buy time with that because
the police do not want that optic of a
uniformed guy kind of pulling a girl off
they're wearing a Star of David thing it
just a picture looks bad so it might
have bought her some time but I don't
know if that was her motive she planned
it out well she did apparently it was
the number one trending topic on Twitter
which is odd that you know she gets
kicked off and ends up being the the
number one trending topic what's really
odd is this is wild man afford it may
have perjured himself right Muir's going
after Trump's deeper ties :
is now saying that Trump was in cahoots
with Putin who's gonna give him the 50
million dollar penthouse tower in Moscow
yeah yeah you know all that but like no
no that girl got kicked out kick it
sounds ridiculous because I got like I
said I got kicked off and I'm a little
bummed about it but it's why because
it's odd it's not just a private company
anymore that can do what they want
I'm not for government regulation so I
don't know how you fix this but Twitter
is now a thing where the Presidents on
it world leaders are discussing things
on it Emergency Management FEMA and and
the weather services they put out alerts
in case of danger or some kind of event
that's gonna happen and because of your
political ideology or calling a girl
period blood hair you're not privy to
alerts and safety information that well
it's it's clear that it's not everyone's
doesn't have to follow the same rules
we've already established that with
Farah Khan right you've also established
that with Trump Sam Harris has been on a
he was at least I think he's abandoned
it but he was on a quest to get Jack to
try to hold up
his terms of service agreement and and
kick Trump off of Twitter ironically
what he's doing he's threatening nuclear
war like do you understand that this is
the craziest use of Twitter ever yeah
and I think Jack's position was that it
is it's more beneficial to have him on
and it's really we are getting to see
his personality in a way we've never
seen any presidents predominate solutely
I mean though the most ridiculous petty
shit that he does like attacking
Michelle wolf because of her White House
Correspondents right thank people losers
you know make it fun of the girl on Joe
Scarborough the girl he married yeah
that she had fucked up plastic surgeon
each bleeding yeah yes make shit up I
mean you think she really really thinks
she showed up a mar-a-lago bleeding
fucking plastic surgery scare he's a
fucking maniac it really the meanwhile
that it it's good for us to see because
it educates us to who he is as a real
right like there's a lot of who you are
just gets exposed in those tweets yeah
we little bit bit you can't know
everything about a person from their
Twitter but you can get you can parse
out little chunks where you get a good
taste and for him it's very very
revealing yeah it is a weird thing this
is what I think this will be looked back
on as a very pivotal moment in American
history and in politics where that kind
of crossroad happened yeah because we
were we were pretty satisfied with that
political speech thing that and we need
to bring up the lower middle class to
the door and they just go on and on and
drone on it's this weird speech that no
real human being ever speaks like
Hillary was hilarious and what Wayne
today is that it was fake it comes off
as fake and phony Trump comes rolling in
it's absolutely batshit insane like the
stuff he says like you were saying the
other day he's he's giving his speech he
said that when he was younger people
said he looked like Elvis because he was
doing some kind of a commemorative thing
for Elvis down in Tennessee or somewhere
and he says he looked like Elvis and
we're laughing our ass off me and Keitha
because no one ever told me what about
Elvis no one ever told him that and and
and there's so many things and I'm a
trump guy I voted for the guy cuz I
wanted that monkey wrench thrown into
the machine I felt we had gotten screwed
too many decades and it was time to let
Washington know like look we'd rather
elect this nut than any of you guys so I
think it proved a point there are enough
checks and balances in place where you
know the likes of any one president
really isn't going to do that much
damage
I think he's pulled the cover off a lot
of stuff I think people are trying to
compete with him on Twitter politicians
are trying to play his game and it's
kind of fun to watch as a comic
entertainer it's gold do you see what
the tulsi gabbard said to him what she's
a congresswoman from Hawaii she said
being saudi arabia's bitch isn't making
america first like that's a
congresswoman say they're all kind of
making that they never used to do that
no they did and it's odd that a seventy
year old guy was the one that was like
bringing twitter to social media into
this forum it is on and yeah you would
think it would be some young guy get in
there and do it but i never do it the
way he's doing you know that's just like
a reckless maniac it's and that's
because he can yeah the guy you'll never
see a chain of events like what happened
to elect Donald Trump the rich guy is
just a billionaire a million or whatever
you want to call he's got a lot of money
money from his dad from his dad and then
you know I remember him in New York when
I was a kid
Trump was always in the news developer
he was always banging heads with
politicians trying to get some kind of
zoning thing going or build some other
towers somewhere and so we were all
familiar with him and we knew he was
like this piece of shit guy you know
like everyone was surprised like oh god
he grabbed by the pussy he's like we saw
in the Daily News in New York Post every
week Trump was with some other who shit
so it wasn't a surprise to to us yeah
but he got out there and it was the
perfect timing like we come off the the
heels of eight years of a Democratic
president and it just was people were
ready for a maniac to be in a lot of
them were some people are exact my
favorite image of the election was that
lady with the sock hat on the unnies
with the glasses screaming like that to
me assured in this era of outrage and
chaos yeah yeah it just that was like
the primal scream that set off the
dominoes and they're all in motion right
now it wasn't supposed to happen
it wasn't supposed to happen Hillary was
supposed to be president that's what
everybody thought it was gonna go down
in history as just one of those wacky
elections and then business as usual
yeah but you know when when Trump won it
turned everything upside down and rip
the cover off of I think not only
politics in Washington but Hollywood the
mainstream media the news media
everything had the covers ripped off and
everyone's now got a peek inside and
realized how fucked up everything is you
know you used to assume Washington at
least the people had some kind of
control like they were they were adults
doing the job that needed to be and then
you realize oh my god everyone's just a
piece of shit do you know here's a story
that disappeared from years ago do you
remember the Washington madam that
suicide herself oh yeah yeah book filled
with politicians that we're getting they
were banging all these prostitutes yeah
and she was gonna release everything and
she was doing press conferences and then
she committed to us committed suicide
but it's like well case closed
you know no big deal I lost her books
yeah yeah ever whatever whatever let it
disappear yeah it disappeared things
like that happen Oh like like
politicians kill people oh yeah there's
their secret backroom deals that happen
and it's crazy house of cards is way
closer to reality than people would like
to believe yeah yeah way closer we over
the course of the decades upon decades
every year that goes by we seem to get a
little more knowledge and a little less
confident in the government I mean I
watch some shit from the 50s you know
there's plenty of things on YouTube and
even even industrial films just this
thing of how a family how to raise your
family how to be a good wife all that
stuff and it was all this weird
propaganda of what America was and then
as years go by you realize oh it was all
bullshit like politicians were always
getting rich and no one seems to know
how or why and these deals that are made
aren't always in our best interest
they're not civil servants there to
represent and help you and and as the
years go by we see more and more of us
and the past two years with Trump has
just been man quite a crash course it
really has
yeah it's great I'm fascinated to see
where it goes I'm fascinated to see if
he seems you know I mean they always
called Gotti the Teflon Don yeah but it
seems like Trump is the Teflon Donald
yeah he seems it seems like all these
things keep happening and and even
because of that like I remember Justin
Martindale a comedian friend of mine is
hilarious he goes he was talking about
stormy Daniels he was like she's our
Monica Lewinsky she's gonna take him
down oh my god the fuck that's not
happening no you don't get it
he doesn't care that they know he fucked
her yeah doesn't care to understand it's
not you have to care for it to work
right and that's just it people don't
really care it's well some people don't
care I follow like Rosie O'Donnell's
account on Twitter and Rob Reiner is
another one and for two years over two
years they have just been like counting
down and the day that it's like Oh
impeachments right around the corner oh
he's out oh they're gonna put him in
prison I hope you and your son get a
cell next to each other it's like how
long are you gonna do this eight years
is it gonna be eight years of you going
well any day now no Keith Muller is
gonna yeah do you remember when he was
doing that wacky show in a basement so
long cheek you like a mental patient
like legitimately recommend to patients
resistance screaming it was like he was
doing like it was almost like burlesque
or something you know what I'm saying
like you know how it was like the radio
version of burlesque yeah yeah ask is
like when you see a girl doing burlesque
it's like in a throwback to an old-timey
way of doing things like the right
handlebar moustache with the bowler cap
we'll introduce her she's body she's
bought daesh's please welcome Madame
blah blah blah and she comes out to
music that nobody listens to anymore and
she's dancing around right it's very we
ended there they're always kind of big
girls they're not skinny and like a
little stripper oh yeah they're girls
who eat so it's like to throw back to a
different time of rowdiness
and when he was in front of that screen
like thing with his suit on and his tie
like the
everything was like really well-written
and raised precise points and I don't
understand like with the red-blue and
the background was either it's just it
was so it seemed like something that
someone had set up like but not as good
as your compound yeah based on live from
the compound it wasn't it wasn't as good
as that it's like that's the background
this is for GQ GQ is like okay we have
$30 we have ours I think I think
Charlie's got a camera he could bring it
in $30 good hey we have a table the IKEA
table that's $12 and you have $18 left
we got some construction paper for the
background got some big-ass blue and
blue and red paint yeah yesterday what
what is that
and then he would just pontificate there
and and he and his last thing was like
because the end is eminent there's no no
reason for me to go on Recep is finished
yeah what is this my work here is done
play some of this
Trump is finished exactly 11:00 2017 was
when he quit pardon from Trump or that
Muller as have also reported here has
succeeded in finding a way around
Trump's pardon power and either of these
near certainties spell Trump's doom so
that's the most obvious of the seven
ways for Trump to go now settle or
really we'll get him on Russia it will
be ugly and it will tear this country
nearly apart but it will be necessary
the second way is as I have also
repeatedly suggested here that Muller
doesn't really need to prove anything
about Trump and Russian sabotage of the
election there seems to be so much
obstruction of justice for the firing of
James Comey to the lies about Trump Jr's
meetings with the Russians that it's
hard to pick out a key player in the
Trump inner circle who could not be
guilty of it here we go and it's like
it's still going still going still going
and it gets fake news yeah end it now
fake news it's a hoax
but it is interesting like more to me is
fascinating because he seems like a
ruthless motherfucker yeah takes his
time he's a good guy says hey look at me
I'm gonna kill you yeah it's not gonna
be today okay
that's all you need to know yes I
couldn't be today but I'm gonna fucking
kill you and like every day he's
plotting on killing you you see him
drive by your house in ways yeah you're
like when is when is the hammer fall and
you look out your window of your office
he's out yeah look at that guy thinkin
coffee oh he has seen some shit oh I
mean this guy he's yeah I mean he's a
cold-blooded intelligence agent yeah
yeah those guys have seen everything huh
he knows the inner work is the machine
and he knows how you bring a guy like
that down and how you fuck it up and
he's doing everything that leads me to
believe that he's not fucking it up this
is a slow play and if there is if there
is anything to the Russian thing I you
would think something would have leaked
out by now well it has I mean is there
was a video the other day of Donald that
they just played on CNN of Donald
talking about how many times he's
actually been too rushed Donald Jr and
you know he had said that he hadn't been
and then there's another video of him
from years ago saying yeah I've been
there many times yeah five six seven
well talking about business the problem
with the people that are going after
Trump that they don't seem to understand
the guy right up until he became
President of the United States was just
a private citizen businessman so he had
a lot of dealings around the world with
his real estate and buildings and and
golf courses all this shit happened when
he was just a citizen doing business now
whether it was ethical or not that that
could definitely be brought into
question whether it's legal or not
I'm sure that's what they're looking
into also but he wasn't he wasn't
beholden to the people as a public
servant there wasn't a conflict of
interest because he was a lifelong
politician right and using the power of
his office to make deals so and that
also goes hand in hand with him just
fucking around like like if he went from
selectmen in his hometown and then years
and years go by and then you're the
president and you built that career up
any at any point in there they could
call you out on being a horrible human
being because you fuck girls or you're
this so you died of just shady business
stealing but Rob until two years ago he
was just Donald fucking Trump yeah so
it's hard to call him out on even
dealing with Russia because plenty of
business willing to deal with Russia and
China I think the question is whether or
not he colluded with Russia to get
information about Hillary and also to
put out all that propaganda against
Hillary and also saying that they're
gonna make a deal to do the Trump Tower
in Moscow this is all while he was
running for president uh-huh not being
honest about it I think that's that's
where it gets again I don't know almost
there is anything illegal there I don't
know if there's anything that that he
did that is illegal because I believe
when you're campaigning say whatever the
fuck you want to anybody I think you're
really running I mean you're running
anything they've really run in the
country yeah if he lost the presidency
he would still have to have some ducks
in in a row to continue his business so
you know and his son took over that part
of of what he was doing so he could
campaign
so whether Donny junior went over to
Russia or not I don't really see you
might think it's unethical and you might
go well did he say if we win we'll do
this and help you out so who knows about
that part of it but I don't see in and
of itself him going over there being
that big a problem and the fact that you
know the Clinton campaign and the DNC
they had a lot of shady deals going on
with Russia also in that crazy dossier
and an English spy and a Russian like
and that just never seems to get any
traction it's weird
well there's way more left-wing media
publications than the right way
absolutist the fact there's only a few
right-wing newspapers and right wing
websites are oftentimes maligned that
you have treated seriously
like there's no right-wing newspaper
that's treated with the same amount of
respect as in New York Times
no Helen list doesn't exist now what the
earth the New York Post
well it's New York Prost right-wing I
don't know outrageous yeah I don't give
a fuck who you are liberal Democrat row
conservative Republican they'll fuck you
some of the headlines that have come off
of the fucking post have been classic
over the years they're amazing
yeah like comics yeah yeah it's just
comedy yeah one was uh the one I thought
was just so douchey when Fred Astaire
died it was said a stairway to heaven
like fucking but that's unless they got
a hit for that's the one thing that I do
love about New York and Boston too yeah
there's a harshness to the comedy
because yeah people are fuckin cold it's
cold the wintertime is calling like fuck
you and that that growing up there man
it fucking it flavored meat flavored
burr yeah there's a million guys like
that that like that Patrice that fucking
a comedy a lot of it came out of that
part of the world because that part of
the world is different isn't that weird
it's it's cold
fuck I know and you think that just
makes people angry a cold and a lot of
people I think oh and very few people
makes people like more down homey and
compassionately stating Montana
except for a few serial killers randomly
right yeah other than that you get like
people that work together and help each
other because they realize they're in
this together yeah there is a there's a
stark difference between New York and
Boston based comics and la-based cop oh
it's amazing difference yeah yeah and
some of them have that crossover appeal
there and they've moved you know guys in
and like Bill you know but maintains
that Boston sensibility that New York
sensibility yeah yes what's appealing
about him is that he's still Savage
right exactly yeah yeah yeah like that
you don't grow that out here it's no
sunny it's nice every day everyone's
everyone seems kind of pleasant yeah out
here whether it's real or faux ninis but
it comes off as pleasantry and in New
York it's just a grave disregard for
everybody yeah you literally step over
so many people yeah yeah who's their
value yeah it's like if you have a
million pennies
and you drop a penny like what else oh
shit right lost a guy on the train no it
is odd when you think about if there was
somebody just laying in the the gutter
of the street in some small town in
Kansas the the police say an ambulance
would be called and people would stop
and ask if he was okay and said and in
New York you literally step over those
people you just don't even look in their
face you it's a it's an inconvenience
yeah that someone is laying on the
sidewalk if you were in the middle of a
snowstorm and you were your car broke
down and you saw a guy laying on the
side of the road yeah you'd help him of
course
he's like oh Jesus support guy we're
gonna help him too yeah hey buddy you
all right yeah yeah not so much New York
New York you just see him lying in his
own piss needle hanging out of his dick
yeah and I and I'm pissed that it stinks
yeah down on the subway fucking gross
it's fucking disgusting man yeah no can
be does stink too though in a steamy
August day it's the worst and it's
gotten worse under a de Blasio's a mayor
of New York now and say what you want
about Giuliani who now is batshit crazy
what happened with him I don't know I
think there's blew a fuse he's not
respectable anymore he's like some kind
of well he aligned himself a Trump so
that immediately gets you put into a
category but he's also a little I think
he's got some dementia like he just
doesn't seem right it is lost his
comb-over that he had a comb-over for
what is that like what's-his-name with a
comb-over and he realized oh my god I'm
fucked yeah Samson's hair it's like that
he lost the the last wisps those last
wisps of comb-over yeah that had 39:11
going on yeah he was at one point you
know after 9/11 they called 910 2001 he
was a piece of shit no one like Giuliani
ruined New York he ruined it by
commercializing it cleaning up all the
porn theaters getting rid of the tunnel
bunnies and the squeegee guys like you
know he went on a tear just gave the
police
and carte blanche to start racking head
and taking care of business a cleaned up
New York Times Square turned into a
Disney type atmosphere instead of that
drug-addled fucking mess that it was and
and people hated him for kind of ruining
that gritty New York that we saw in taxi
driver and shit and then 9/11 he was
America's mayor that's what they called
him
America's mayor he's going out of Yankee
games into ovations and people he's
standing with the comb-over he looks
like a crazy person on the right yeah
yeah
she has totally shaved his head there's
a lot of power in that head mother yeah
you feel good you feel like a guy who is
like hair on the side of his head unless
you do a lot of drugs like hun arrests
Thompson it's hard right off you can't
pull that off I think yeah right hand
side that's a that's a comb-over in the
beginning yeah I love that above that
above that to the right to the right
suit oh yeah
that's where it's first started that's
the full column like him what did he do
did he try to get plugs or something in
the front I don't think so I know what
that is it's just just rocking that full
strong comb-over that is he he had a lot
to do with the the getting rid of
organized crime in New York City like
the Mafia the five families all that
shit was still running pretty rampant
throughout the 70s and 80s as a kid me
and my brother used to laugh our asses
off we'd open the newspaper and it was
like Johnny the horse Bugatti was found
dead so we have our asses off at the
names yeah like just those those mob
names it's it's hilarious and that scene
in Goodfellas at the beginning one that
just going through and you know the nose
and killer and this guy they all have
those fucking names that are hilarious
and yeah Giuliani was a big part of that
I'm surprised they didn't kill him like
he was absolutely responsible he kept
going after them and kept putting him
away with the you know the new RICO
statutes that they had and locked up a
lot of mobsters man so
well you know another problem with the
moms is they started ratting on each
other yeah yeah as soon as you start
ratting on each other all your mystique
is gone
yeah your whole legend is gone this the
whole thing is that you guys have omerta
you keep your fucking mouth shut you do
your time like a man
right you get out and you're a hero and
that this whole thing keeps going this
thing of ours this thing of ours but
those fucking pussies didn't want to go
to jail
isn't that something like the old-school
guys would be offered you know you could
walk yeah or you could get a really easy
sentence just talk go fuck your mother
yeah and and then yeah they reach the
point where it's like yeah I'm not built
for president when they would put him in
prison though it was like in good felt
right I would be able to cook and they
they paid the guards off yeah a sweet
setup the internet ruined all that -
yeah yeah you wasn't it
well it was probably all dead before the
Internet but but you know like Sammy the
bull Gravano he was free yeah he did his
time did the minimum amount of time he
killed at least ten people they murdered
yeah he he confessed to them you know
talked about the morality didn't how he
did them he wanted he's so bad they
wanted Gotti so bad I mean Sammy the
bull Gravano was a fucking straight-up
psychopath yeah its total serial killer
yeah and they let him walk and then he
got arrested eventually for selling
ecstasy in Phoenix he moved to Phoenix
after that yeah yeah and then he was
running shit down there and how did he
just not get whacked out like was little
ah was gone they all were gone there's
no one care all crumbled it that's
something yeah just like yeah poof went
away don't think like God II was the
first one that was like real flashy in
public about yeah yeah Vincent the chin
always used to walk around like a crazy
person in the bathroom bathroom nuts but
he would he would give people directions
while he was doing that but he felt like
everything was being bugged so they
would do is they bugged cars along his
walking route right they could record
him come on that is hilarious
what he was doing Jesus there's always a
way yeah there's always a way to get you
yeah the mystique was gone though yeah
it wasn't real
like the Russians still have the
mystique Russian mobsters they are
brutal to scary ones like they are the
scary ones
there's a worse mob because regardless
of what it turned into
there was a time where the Italian mob
did have a line like you didn't cross
family things like that but the Russians
all my god will they fuck up an entire
family the dog
everything gets killed in the worst way
yeah they're scary scary motherfuckers I
had an experience out it was Broadway I
guess and they have those peddled cabs
that go around and they're all Russian
dudes big legs on him they peddle around
and I was looking for a cab a real cab
to take me downtown I was gonna ride 15
blocks in a tricycle with Yuri pedaling
in front of me so this guy passed by
once and said you need the cab I was
like now I'm good thanks
comes around again I'm still waiting for
a cab and he goes cab I was like I'm not
gonna have you pedal me 15 fucking
blocks no move and and you could yell at
a cab driver in New York they'll yell
out your window and stuff they rarely
will get out of their car they know you
know you got the medallion right there
you could just call the number and say
you were being harassed by a cab driver
so they won't do anything
this guy gets off his fucking bike you
have a fucking problem
you have fucking problem what and I was
just like oh shit it's going down this
guy means business and of course I'm
like no no all good oh god I thank you I
don't need a cab you write the
motherfuck that was it but you don't
fuck a Russian no they're not regular
white people no they're not they're not
they're hard people yeah yeah no but you
see that in the UFC there's a lot of
badass well obviously we now we saw that
recently enough yeah yeah on top of
Conor punched him in the face saying
let's talk now yeah yeah boom let's talk
come on we talked bone just twisting
errific yeah yeah yeah and then they got
those other videos that you see on
YouTube and whatnot of Russians just
up in in steel i-beams yeah like a
hundred stories up backflip swinging to
backflips hanging by two fingers isn't
that rolling and sometimes falling yeah
my hands are sweating are you just
talking about that makes my hands chilly
it is so uncomfortable to watch
oh and because they're they get
themselves in these positions where
maybe there's this thin little alcove
yeah and and they put their hands
against one side their feet against the
other this if your feet slip there's no
no recovering me crazy this all reaction
to just the thought and I have some
friends that just know that I freaked
out so they send me those everyone
Christ yeah there are some things that
are online oh my god they are nuts I
can't do this man
oh look my hands are pouring so yeah
yeah oh my God look at this crazy
asshole always crazy shit what does it
say daredevil returns with latest
shocking stunt on skyscraper this
fucking motherfucker but he's doing a
handstand on what is that a three-inch
ledge oh my god oh come on what are you
doing do this you fuck do it it one
little one little fucking miscalculation
or how do you do that how do you know
your center of gravity isn't just gonna
pull your right - fuck off Jesus Christ
you went around the corner that's nuts
what is this guy's life like if he just
decides he's gonna do this this makes me
very uncomfortable that is so fucking
high of it's so high that is so high oh
I wouldn't I can't do what he did it is
on the ground right yeah yeah I can't I
can't do those handstands and all that
jazz
right
mark out three inches and try to stay on
it with your hand or mark it up enough
so that you like put pads under me right
right and then give it so I could jump
up and grab it and hang yeah yeah see
how much of that I could do like a
couple of things I could can for my
fingers I might be able to pull myself
up but if I got to the top I probably
slip yeah yeah you know either height
will definitely fuck with you Oh like if
you're riding a bike on a sidewalk you
will never fall off the sidewalk right
you could just ride your bike you don't
even have to think about it it's
sidewalk what couple of feet wide if
that was over like the Grand Canyon you
you would you would be shaking you
couldn't do it and it's the same fucking
thing it's just your your perception and
the height and you know you'd be fucked
up you'd be like this I'm gonna fall off
we have that HTC vibe in the back room
here oh yeah and there's one game we
have to download that game we haven't
gotten that game when you go to the
hardware store and you buy a 2x4 and you
lay it down on the floor and then the
game is you put the VR goggles on and
you're walking on this 2x4 all over like
in between two skyscrapers right so as
you're doing it and like you hear sound
I got that's awesome this is this is the
actual game oh my god you step out oh
here's the 2x4 so this 2x4 is real like
you have an actual 2x4 right really
walking on this so you're feeling yeah
and you walk the plank oh my god oh my
god and you look down like oh yeah
what is that thing float in front of you
no what's that supposed to be Jamie I've
never done I don't know it's yeah the
first of all watching it on a screen
does VR know justice you can't really
you are in a space it's so cool to kind
of look around they they definitely have
to a more work to do yeah it's it looks
cool you feel like you're in a 3d
environment but it's not very
photorealistic
no four kids are addicted to it really a
run here after school
oh really put the VR go they fight over
it at first and they put the VR goggles
on and play these fucking crazy games
yeah I have the oculus and the vibe and
the PlayStation VR at home
and the best right now the oculus is the
the highest quality of the VR goggles
I think PlayStation has some pretty cool
games out there though and vibe does too
but I think oculus is going to come out
very soon with a completely wireless one
yeah yeah yeah so you're not like
tethered to anything and you tripping
over wires and shit that's gonna be yeah
that that's pretty huge it's weird
though because some games aren't
conducive to VR and you would think like
I play Call of Duty or battlefield 5
world war 2 thing just came out and I
love that that game but I couldn't play
that for our cuz I will play for fucking
hours on end and to have the goggles on
that long and trying to play a shooter
like that
I think VR right now is more conducive
to experiences than it is like that
that's pretty much not a game it's an
experience and it it brings you into a
whole nother 3d world around you but
like a shooter game like Battlefield or
Call of Duty not really conducive to me
all right now
not yet yeah I think in the future
though a plastic gun yes like a real of
you were holding a real plastic you need
that interface yeah that would be
fucking amazing for a shooter game yeah
yeah there's a few other ideas that
they're working on that should be
available pretty relatively soon where
the system Maps your house like the room
you're you're in off of your headset and
will superimpose things over the couch
like it'll be a ammo crate a chair turns
into a box ammo crate so as you walk
around the room it's reading your room
but making this VR world that looks more
military or like a jungle or whatever it
is so it won't be a couch you'll hit it
but in your vision it'll be a box or an
ammo crate or you know what a car
something like that so that's kind of
cool
utilizing the real environment around
you and then superimposing shit over it
you know what else is really cool
the boxing games yeah and the boxing
games you get a crazy workout you get a
real legit workout because you're
actually
like fake boxing this cartoon character
yeah yeah and when you get hit you see a
bright white flash like like you got
yeah like you got hit like you got your
bell rung yeah yeah you but you get you
get a real workout when you're doing
this yeah breath I've watched my girl
plays that and it's hilarious it's funny
to watch people do VR especially stuff
like that because they're ducking
there's another shooter game that she
was playing and it's hilarious because
she's like screaming and ducking down
and your hand is up like pulling a
trigger on a fake gun over something
that isn't even there right so it's that
it's cool to watch people play you have
some crazy zombie game that my kids play
yeah that's like that you get a bunch of
guns and ammo and then the zombies are
closing in on you got a gun them down
yeah yeah it's just weird I'll tell you
there are some games or experiences
where you're walking through kind of a
haunted house thing that are genuinely
fucking alarming like like you don't
want to you don't want to go around a
corner you don't want to do anything and
you know like there's when you watch on
a monitor it's just the monitor there's
shit behind you that you're not seeing
unless you turn around and look right so
you hear a sound and be like I am NOT I
don't want to turn around I know that
thing's gonna be right in my face it's
frightening
what is the alien game for is that for
the vibe or oculus there's a Ridley
Scott alien yeah that's a that I think
it's both because I had it for oculus
it's your fucking tariff yeah yeah alien
something yeah it's the one like alien
the original movie yeah yeah you're on a
ship it's a it starts with the doors
open up and that little thing drinking
of the water that little tchotchke on
the yeah on the desk and it's a yeah it
really gives a good recreation of the
movie which was fucking awesome
dad's wonderful great goes down as one
of my favorites he's also one of my
favorite examples when people talk about
pushing diversity in movies oh yeah
this movie had a female lead who's a
female superstar who spoiler alert ones
up winning in the end any time yeah but
you don't even notice now it never
like it's crammed down your throat right
is the last Star Wars yeah I was like
get the fuck out of here laura dern
you're not running the empire like what
is this like she's the head general and
then carrie fisher's the other head
general and they're telling these men to
shut up and this all makes sense to you
isn't that fucking amazing mistress dude
they had it that was 1979 and they had
more of an idea of how to present that
then yeah
first of all Sigourney Weaver's just a
fucking badass badass believable movies
believe that she pulled it together she
was such a great actress
yeah that's alien descent this was like
that thing that you did at Disney though
Oh to go to free-roaming the Orange
California well that that would Jamie
know talked about that many times like
that's the future like a warehouse like
this space out here but converted into
giant VR experience yeah yeah Jamie
Orange California oh yeah we need to go
damn yeah when I first saw alien back
you know kids I saw it in the movie
theater when it first came out their
kids Zach my mom took me it was 79 yeah
yeah it was leave
it was just one of those movies that at
the time everyone goes oh my god you got
to see this that the chest fucking burst
scene just slayed people but yeah when
you're watching that because traditional
movies the guy's the hero yeah that's
what happens when Tom Skerritt gets it
you're just like wait what yeah they
just killed the the star the hero that
was it was Tom Skerritt yeah as I'm not
his fucking movies a big movie star yeah
yeah and then I think it was like with
the first movie where where the
spaceship was kind of a truck and it was
just dirty and you know just regular
guys concerned about getting paid and
and shit like that so uh yeah that's why
it was amazing which is this one this is
a covenant in utero
oh so this is after the Covenant movie
which is a fucking awesome one that's
yeah I like that me someone I love damn
movies I love a good good I like that
shit that movie they nailed it it was
just great
it didn't matter for a woman was running
and it was right they weren't shoving it
down your throat
no I felt like that last Star Wars one
with Laura Dern and Carrie Fisher was
like flying flying Carrie Fisher come on
yeah I stopped I wasn't feeling it I
didn't feel like they were look there's
certain women like what is her name from
house of cards the head woman yeah
what's in Jenny from Jenny from fuck oh
yeah Penn
so it's something something something
Penn fucks her name I think she used
that so good - I'm Robyn Robyn right
yeah Robyn right okay Robin Wright was
playing in general I believe it yes I
mean bitch right she she could send in
some fucking tanks yeah leave I believe
that she would like Nuka planet I'd buy
that right Carrie Fisher and Laura Dern
I was like come on who are you doing
here
they're running things I I think they've
they just they're putting out too many
Star Wars movies to have it that
mystique and that kind of atmosphere
that it was like to go to one of them
years ago it's also it's it's Disney now
yeah yeah which is great cuz you're it's
consistent and it's good right but it's
never stunning not or terrifying it's
never it's never ex machina right right
yeah yeah it's never fucked up like will
you leave the theater going holy shit
yeah yeah can't do that anymore then I'm
gonna polish off the sharp edges and
soothe the experience down to write
palatable mainstream appeal yeah that
first the first Star Wars back in a 77
again I saw that in a movie theater with
my uncle my Uncle Joe took me and I
didn't know Star Wars from a hole in the
wall I remember the trailer playing on
TV and I was like all right that seemed
kind of cool and then we sit down and
that opening scene with the giant ship
just does a flyover and I was just from
that point on I was just mesmerizing
this the the illusion of size that they
got in the ship and was an old ship the
idea of like plastic model yeah
practical effects it was all like hook
models like they went and bought like a
bunch of different you remember those
old models that we used to do like cars
and oh yeah um yeah remember those I
glue them together get the model glue
right I still love those yeah they took
a bunch of parts from those things and
built the Millennium Falcon they built
those battleships from like parts like
you can kind of tell cuz they're so
weird and eclectic and some of the parts
don't seem to match right worked yeah
cool it totally worked
yeah that was you know if you you didn't
imagine being analyst x-wing fighters as
a kid it was just an amazing thing it's
yeah that's kind of gone it shows you
how great alien like Ridley Scott's
alien really was because all those Star
Wars was a great movie honestly Star
Wars doesn't really hold up mm-hmm I
give you watch it today you look at the
special effects like what what am I
watching
this yes so clunky and and then the
Catena scene yeah yeah that's always
mouths don't move like the monster face
like it's weird if they're wearing a
mask it's really obvious but then you go
just two years later to Ridley Scott's
alien that motherfucker holds up today
it looks amazing yeah I got yelled at
because I watched it with my kids oh
yeah because my 10 year old can handle
shit my 8 year old cannot oh man I I
watched it I'm like you think you can
handle it and they're like yeah I can
handle it let's see what I'm gonna die
the first time the dude got the tongue
through the forehead watching daddy
Mayers he'll remember that yeah my dad
my mom and my dad took me my brother and
my sister when I was seven years old to
go see Bonnie and Clyde with Warren
Beatty and what's-her-name there and I
can't remember who played Bonnie not
only Faye Dunaway very good thank you
yes and now it's it's famous for being
one of the most graphic machine-gunning
at the end of the movie I mean they were
pulling up they got ambushed by law and
they just get shot up the whole movie
though as a seven-year-old kid I liked
these people they were funny they've
dropped banks and stuff but you know
they'd make jokes and they were cool and
you got to know him as a person so as a
seven-year-old I was like all these
these people are cool so then the end of
the movie comes and and they're out
there and you hear the birds of fly away
and Clyde looks at Bonnie with the one
lens missing from his his glasses and
it's really quiet and then all hell
breaks loose it's just five guys
shooting Thompson's at both of them and
they're being riddled with with bullet
holes and the scene goes on and they're
falling down and against the car the car
is just full yeah there it has it's it's
so brutal it's crazy to seeing the girl
get it oh yeah something ruthless about
seeing a girl gets shot a hundred times
yeah yeah look at her it was I I'm that
we saw this at the drive-in and I I
started vomiting in the car seven years
old we had bit we had been to Arby's
before so my Arby's was all over the car
I was screaming crying and throwing up
going like what the fuck did you take me
to see I liked these people I had like a
two-hour relationship with them and it
ends like that I was horrified horrified
as a kid
yeah there's certain things but is that
bad like ultimately hmm
you saw that when you were a kid like me
yeah maybe it's maybe it's not good to
shield kids from too much yeah but maybe
not to that extent show me a cartoon
first because I don't know I don't know
if it affected me it's hard to tell
without knowing what it would be like if
I didn't see stuff like that but the
fact that I remember it vividly so many
years later maybe had an effect yeah but
is it a negative effect like there's
certain experiences that you you went
you can hand like today as an adult you
could see a movie where a guy gets shot
and you can handle it does I break you
out of course if you saw it when you
were 4
you'd probably freak out yeah but is it
good to experience that when you're 4
just so that you know it's a thing and
yeah you have a different view of the
world or is it good like you're not a
parent but as a parent this this is the
age-old question like how much do you
protect your kids yeah how much do you
let them break their arm because you
break your arm you know if you fall you
break your arm if you know everybody's
like helicopter parenting you constantly
like I don't anybody to die but I don't
mind any buddy gets banged up a little
bit right right I think you should I
think you should know that if you trip
it hurts
yeah you know this and this also you
should know that the bullets are real
this is there's a real thing that
happens mm-hmm like with my kids um ever
since my kids have been really little
I've been hunting and so I've been
bringing home meat and explaining to
them that I this is meat from an animal
that I shot if you go to the supermarket
and you buy a steak that came from an
animal and I try to get this in their
head at night age and so then I
introduced them to watching a hunting
show with me where we shot a deer and
then took the deer apart so check you've
seen like they're watching us cut an elk
apart yeah yeah my kids watching this
and I'm like well this is where you get
meat like when we dinner if we eat elk
for dinner this is exactly where it came
from I shot it in the mountains we cut
it up we packed it out on our back we
put it into a truck we drove somewhere
and now we're here now we're eating it
this is it yeah I guess if you present
it like that yeah that's I would guess
is a good thing maybe but there's
something weird about watching a little
kid watching an animal get shot
like uh-huh yeah I realized my dad than
that is that good it's my dad a piece of
shit these like animals are so beautiful
well animals a hot dog your hot dogs are
fucking that you want a hot dog right
yeah yeah and that's an animal like okay
like because most kids just it's a hot
dog yeah yeah yeah it's not an actual
animal like they kind of know like if
you asked a little kid hey where'd this
cheeseburger came from oh it's from a
cow but that's like damn that's like
saying the moon is 1/6 Earth's gravity I
know that I don't know what the fuck
that means
yeah yeah you know real I don't have a
real you can't apply it yeah anything so
yeah so when do you show your kids like
like there's a lot of videos that I
watched while closed my laptop and the
kids come near like violent videos oh
yeah especially like animals like I was
watching this video of these hyenas
tearing apart this gazelle oh it's
fucking horrific they're ripping the
guts out oh and she was yanking on the
guts and this thing is making these
weird noises fuck and then my you know
my little girl comes over and slam it
she's like what you watching and I'm
watching the hyena rip apart of gazelles
guts she's like okay all right yeah yeah
well yeah so it but but kind of what's
the difference between that and showing
you hunting like is there I'm doing it
quick it's one difference yes okay then
when I shoot an animal if I shoot an
animal with a bow it's dead in seconds
yeah you know with a well-placed shot
it's not going anywhere it's like the
last elk I shot that one that's right
out there on the floor in front of the
werewolf that thing died in five yards
Wow five yards tipped over feet up in
the air I shot it right in the heart
Wow a perfect shot so it was almost
instantaneous death yeah yeah it might
have lived 15 20 seconds and that was it
people I don't know people don't seem to
be shocked that much anymore I know you
know trying to keep it from your kids
and things like that obviously makes
sense but it's almost impossible to keep
some really horrific shit
from people especially if you give you a
kid a phone yeah yeah you're giving them
access to a lot of nasty stuff and like
I remember when I was a kid the the big
thing was like faces of death
yeah you want to go get faces of death
man will watch it it's crazy guys they
beat up a monkey and cut his head off
and eat the brains and everything I'm
like yeah that's kind of fake and you
could tell the stage things and I think
the only real stuff was like news
footage of airline disasters and yeah
accidents it was one that was real were
these these guys somewhere in the Middle
East tied these guys arms to one car his
legs to God and they pulled them apart I
cannot like watch that shit it's it's
terrible and now in stunning HD you can
see you know snuff films years ago was
kind of an urban myth you know it was a
thing now they're readily available to
anybody oh yeah in a matter of seconds
and I don't know what kind of effect
that has on on people and and maybe
society but and there's really nothing
you could do
Pandora's like out so I think it's
affecting people though oh it's def
desensitize I mean that's the argument
about video games as well right yeah
yeah we're seeing so much violence and
committing violence in video games
mm-hmm like Jamie what was that video
game where the guy got in trouble
because he made a video of him torturing
some hasn't read - oh yes he punched he
punched a woman in the face that was
protesting for women's rights to vote
suffrage and he and he got in trouble
because he posted it and it yeah it was
like a violent thing against women but
it's the thing you can do in the game
right like they made it in the game so
you could do that on purpose and once it
became viral people started going up to
her in the game and doing even more
terrible there's one where a guy ropes
her hog-tie Czar throws her on the back
of the horse rides her to his swamp and
throws her to an alligator which then
eats her and in the swamp that is so
crazy that you can do that unbelievable
the alligator will
and it's not even a thing like hey do
this it's just part of the game that
they said well if people want to do it
it's a very open-ended game rock star
went bullshit with this game it's
amazing just does it always happen the
exact same way or do you throw no there
are this rots in the water and did the
alligator has a different way of yeah
there are different animations for the
same thing so and different actually
there was one you'll be riding next to a
guy that you're supposed to ride
somewhere with and the guy says
something like alright we're almost
there something and if you're far away
from the guy he yells it alright we're
almost there and if he's right next he
goes well we're almost there like the
guy the voice actor had to do a shitload
of takes based on what the animation is
so I did the the voiceover for the UFC
game right yeah look for ever yeah yeah
and forever you're there for days and
days and days reading every single
variation of head kick to an arm bar to
a takedown to ground-and-pound yeah TKO
stoppage to kicking someone in the nuts
like everything and and someone's got to
fucking put that together and then it's
got to be coated where it plays at the
right time it really is amazing it's
it's goddamn amazing i but read read
dad's like really insane is this it
there's uh what is this this is the body
yeah this is a girl-power
bear that's guys you smoked guta cigar
dude it's so funny the the things that
go on in this game the the ability to
kill people I had Lewis J Gomez on the
show and he he plays this and he there's
like a morality direction you could take
you could either be a good guy a bad guy
really good really bad and it will
affect how the course of the game and
and whether you're wanted whether people
are nice to you realize yeah yeah like
you could do a favor for somebody you'd
be riding somewhere and someone ago
please could you help me out and yeah
the women's rights activist not her but
he's gonna throw this lady off of the
Mount and this is just some guy online
done this oh yeah I think this is the
same YouTube he does he's got a lot of
videos right yeah
oh jeez he fell different things oh he
fell he fell himself he was trying to
kick her off and oh haha but and Louis
apparently would kill everybody
he killed a guy's dog and skinned it in
front of him and then shot him in the
face like that's really mean that's
really dog in front of the guys yeah
yeah and the guys just like crying it's
brutal
how I mean do you think that most
politicians and those people looking for
outrage is not aware of this yet yeah
absolutely not years ago they were kind
of like well it must be violent video
games and it was so funny because like
10 years after doom like they're showing
doom on TV like oh that's the bad video
game was like Jesus cut that's nothing
what are you talking about and now like
like oh yeah yeah same guys yeah yeah
GTI did some of the voices in GTA 5 it
was fucking hilarious oh I know yeah to
do that I sang some of the promotional
songs for the beer piss Wasser beer it
was great I know Lazlo who does all the
sound for the the games but this thing
sold like 750 million dollars in the
first three days that way Mouse Jamie
what happens if you bring a black man to
the KKK yeah they have fucking KKK going
on yeah there's a part of the game where
you have to infiltrate but what happens
when you bring a black guy look at the
different happened really the Klan no
they don't freak out not in particularly
you know but the job I think the mission
here is to just kill all the Klan guys
it's not like you join up and have a
good time seems like it would be more
realistic as if you brought a black guy
to the Klan meaning they try to kill the
black guy right right but that would be
real that would be crazy
there are some weird parts in it where
they're very misogynistic because it's
supposed to be like 1899 or something
right and it's very misogynistic and
then there's some race references that
they make that are kind of like move wow
that's that's bold like what do they say
about black guy like they'll call them
boy in some of the when when a guy like
a non-player character will pass
be kind of nasty and they never present
it in a good way it's not like you know
oh cool this guy's great it's always
some scumbag character Wow yeah my lumps
it's like the last frontier for chaos
right now yeah it really is and I think
because there's such a lack of awareness
on the part of a lot of people like I I
get games the day they come actually
before I get alpha testing beta testing
I'm playing the games months before they
come out really yeah I love it
getting on that you sign up for the
ultimate package on origin or steam and
you get access to the games when they
when they're tested I mostly just pay
yeah yeah it's a pay thing obviously
they want to make some some money and I
want to play the games early but report
bugs and things yeah yeah yeah they you
just play they automatically kind of
have something in place that will let
them know if there's a problem or you
can email and say hey there you know I
died and I'm stuck in a rock now up to
my waist have you ever talked to some of
the people that make those things you
ever have money show yeah yeah Lazlo
works at Rockstar he's the sound
engineer guy he records all the sound
but he's involved in like every aspect
of all those games from the beginning of
Grand Theft Auto the first red dead red
dead 2 and it's amazing I've been to
rockstar in New York and took a tour of
the place it's just a bunch of fucking
nerds sitting around they have a day
where you know you can bring your dogs
in and it's all wide open no cubicles or
anything the guys that run it are these
English guys and they're brilliant or
New Zealand or something they have that
accent one of those weird accents that
you can't tell where it's from work
insane hours yeah yeah that's they are
dedicated like a game like like a
rockstar game GTA or that it's so above
other games like like you can't even
I've played some shitty games where I
download it I start playing and within
five minutes I'm like oh fuck this sucks
like it just you know it sucks right and
rockstar games are just you know it
sounds like I'm doing a spot for him but
there
so above everything else the animation
the the sandbox quality where you're
able to just run around and do shit like
that's an appeal that I don't like
feeling like they're on a track right in
a game and certain games are like that
like Call of Duty is very track based
you know you play online a lot against
other people there's small maps but a
game like that you could just go off if
you want to you could just spend time
fishing like you could just really get
tackle and go to a lake and fish catch
fish you catch fish it's yeah you take
you seven eight hours just catching fish
just fishing hunting you could go out
and hunt I've heard that you track like
the bear and and that motherfucker can
you saw like can get you I love games
like that though I love open-ended games
I always liked that shit even when I was
back in the 80s my cousin got a Atari
800 computer and it had a cartridge for
a game called star Raiders and this was
like right after Star Wars came out and
I was fascinated because it wasn't just
a joystick and a button that he got on
an arcade game it was you used the
keyboard like for warp drive or you had
a dock with a space station at one point
and you're you're put going in orbit
around a planet like there was all these
things that you used the keyboard for
and I thought that was amazing like I
don't like just a run-and-gun type thing
right I like being able to use a lot of
different keys and have a lot of options
how much time do you spend playing video
games I'm getting the impression it's
insane there have been days where I have
weekends or something where I have
played from maybe 2 p.m. til 3 a.m. like
1213 hours of playing it's no eating
yeah yeah II have a little snack a
little snack I'll order something or
miss he'll make something she's playing
video games too though like I'll be
playing on the computer and that's in
front of me on the table I'm still gonna
in the living room and then on the
big-screen TV which is in front of me on
the wall she's sitting in like a folding
chair with a TV tray playing Red Dead
Redemption on the
box so you're just got occasionally look
back how you doing back there oh you got
to see this great kill we got a video a
funny video of a couple engaging in
virtual reality and they're having sex
and the girls blowing the guy and in the
video Joey Diaz comes in the room there
was well there is vr porn have you
checked that out I haven't it's really
interesting there there's there is some
that is pretty amazing like a girl will
come up like you're laying on your back
and a girl is in the room she takes her
clothes off and comes up on you and gets
right by your ear and unlike whisper
something and you hear it you almost
feel the breath on you it's that fucking
crazy and and you you feel like you can
reach and touch but you know there's not
no one there but and again you can't
even get close to showing what it's like
on a regular flat screen but when you
put that in it's a real space it's 3d
and they look pretty real aside from the
resolution difference because when you
when you magnify something that close to
your eyes the the pixels get bigger too
so it's not quite there but you could
see where that's going you get that and
one of those fucking flesh lights I used
a really really early version of the HTC
vive many years ago Duncan had one my
friend Duncan Trussell had one in his
house and it was really pixelated and it
was very strange it was just a real
simple game and it was real blocky
looking it looked like like old doom or
something right but it was in complete
three dimensions and so I was looking up
and looking all around like wow this is
kind of crazy and then I went back to
his place like two years later and there
had been a gigantic leap and approval
huh and now the leaf is sort of balanced
out it's not it's it hasn't gotten that
much better right yet yeah there are a
few games that I loved playing on the
oculus because it's like flying games
are incredible
and if you have a really good system
I've like dual 1080 ti graphics cards
one of them is insane to have and my
sister that's two of them and so I could
run everything on ultra so do you prefer
videos on a computer yeah yeah I prefer
PC but I'll play on xbox and stuff it's
pretty cool I'm terrible with a
controller yeah that's the problem
so mouse and the keyboard is so much
more precise I got a yeah I always say I
go if anyone ever argues I go I've never
missed a folder on my desktop yeah I
never got oh shit I missed it
but there's something called an ape Zim
apex that you plug into an Xbox or
Playstation and then plug keyboard mouse
into it you're running on Xbox with a
keyboard and mouse so and it's so I
destroy people when I play on that
course yes more Acuras so much more
accuracy and you're just quicker
reflexes and yeah because I came from
the online video game days of early
2000s and the 90s like it was always
computers yeah mouse and keyboard was
was it console was for babies yeah no
they weren't good back then no now
here's he was terrible yeah I when I
play some of the like combat flying
games they have things now that are you
look like you're in the cockpit of a
plane all the gauges work they have
reflections of light coming through I
mean the ground looks amazing and in VR
when you pull the stick back and turn
cuz I use a joystick and a throttle it's
it's amazing you can look over your
shoulder and now you're seeing your wing
and the ground and you're pulling back
and you get dizzy like you get so
fucking dizzy and crashes are startling
like if you lose control and you you're
plowing to the ground
you kind of jump because it's you know
you're just it's I think it's that
primal part of your head going like
accepting what it's seeing I wonder if
that would be a really good way to learn
how to fly I would imagine it would be
that guy that stole that plane up in was
a Portland
recently yes yeah dammed into the island
yeah killed himself yeah he said he
learned how to fly on a semi a flight
simulator Microsoft Flight Simulator X
is it's like unbelievable
he was doing like loop-de-loops in the
sky and yeah he's like let's see if we
could do a loop and he was saying he's
I'm gonna kill myself right oh yeah yeah
he's like yeah I think I'll do it I'll
try to do a loop and then nose it in and
call it a day it's like what a maniac
but the fact that he could get access
and take off like that is kind of scary
whoops we all think you know
everything's so secure yeah
remember when we thought they were like
missiles on the roof of the White House
and the Pentagon and stuff and then
after 9/11 like yeah I guess not
yeah I guess that was all bullshit the
actual Pentagon got hit yeah yeah plane
by a fucking plane although now you're
gonna get a lot of people writing they
bro was it was a missile everyone knows
it you're a gate keeper yeah Rochelle
you're a shill for the UM doesn't who
who does your show that is a flat
earther Eddie Bravo Eddie Bravo that's
it I don't know if he's still a flutters
he might have been he might have moved
on
do you think he's still yeah yeah he
thought the earth is a dist maybe he
said I think I don't want to
misinterpret what he's saying I don't
want to misrepresent I think he was
saying he doesn't know but he doesn't
believe NASA because it's only someone's
word over history and he likes that he
he thinks it's fun
he's a conspiracy okay well they are
yeah they are kind of fun but that Flat
Earth one I realized I was arguing with
flat earthers on twitter and that's when
I really started going like what what am
i doing
yeah you can what am i doing why am i
engaging that that is like the dumbest
version of I know you are but what am i
for the rest of time yes that's so
stupid that argument is it's it's crazy
I was talking I was arguing with
somebody and then I had my show to do
and Neil deGrasse Tyson was taping his
show in my studio before I came on so he
was in the lobby when I was in our green
room when when I was on and I start
talking about it and I go you know let's
get someone in here maybe that might
have
an opinion on this neil degrasse tyson
coming and apparently he gets shit all
the time from flat earthers yeah saying
that it's you know he's full of shit you
know it all started off as a goof it had
to just like everything else did it
started off on 4chan did it yeah like
free bleeding yes exactly
which is hilarious people explain that
people don't know free bleeding is a
woman's rights thing and it's instead of
using a tampon during their period or a
pad they just bleed through their pants
and show it proudly that they will walk
around bleeding and it was never real it
was never a real thing and then people
saw it and thought it was real like they
put it out there for Chan and people
actually believed and no not just
believed it started started doing it yes
they started doing it for real yeah they
turned it into some women's rights badge
of honor to have pair of white pants on
the giant patch of brownish red in the
center it's insane
it's crazy just shows you how easily
manipulated people are yeah things that
happen like that on 4chan that turned
out to be goofs they start out as goofs
yeah you know and and then they well
listen we were talking about this last
time I was with you right the proud boys
yeah yeah get off as a goof and then
became like what the they won't let him
in Australia now have you seen that no
it's it's gotten insane yeah like Gavin
is considered like a war criminal at
this point I know Gavin very well he
used to be on compound media my network
and that's where the whole thing started
yeah it all started because people don't
know it's it's amazing what do you think
about it because it makes you question
everything like how did how did
Nazi Germany start was that a joke was
that like Stalinism than everything in
Russia Gavin had a show very outrageous
Gavin is one of these just a funny
outrageous guy his whole career has been
based on satire and parody and yes and
of all that's a provocateur right
provocateur absolutely yeah loves shakin
II be hard to find out where he really
how he really feels
and
he's playing games right it's very
blurry absolutely so we have we had this
employee Ben Ratner little kid we
actually hired him just because his name
was Ratner and we wanted to call him rat
like in Fast Times a rat why don't you
turn on the camera so it was it was
great
here at never talked about girls it's
like this really Jewish real red hair
kind of gangly you know kid and he let
going to Broadway shows and things and
we always questioned his sexuality and
whatnot and Gavin really started hitting
on him going what are you doing like get
laid a kid your age should be out there
just fucking plowing through pussy and
he's like um you know waiting for the
right girl and everything so Gavin would
continuously goof on him so he would
always go to Broadway place so Gavin
started getting music from musicals and
playing it to him like hey look at this
you pussy you know is this what you like
and one of them was proud of your boy
it's a Broadway a song from a musical a
Disney musical I believe and it's helium
Oh proud of your boy it's one of those
big grandiose Broadway pieces of shit oh
it is it's terrible so he goofed on
about that and then said we ought to
make a club called the proud boys and
that way you can learn how to be a man
and you know you'll get chicks and
tattoos and you know drink beer and hang
out with guys as a joke it was like this
parody of a men's club and so over the
top that it was like I think part of the
way to get beaten into this gang this
club was that you had to recite five
breakfast cereals while the other
members punched you and they would keep
punching you until you spit so ludicrous
so ridiculous such a parody and slowly
this fucking thing mutated into
something it got more members they
started wearing
what are those shirts the with the
yellow piping on the collar and stuff
it's a specific shirt that became the
uniform Perry Ellis mmm Perry Ellis
shirts a specific black shirt with gold
piping and on the collar and and the the
sleeves and that became like the uniform
and because it was presented as a
chauvinistic Club like like girls are
allowed minorities are allowed it
doesn't matter who you are but in
essence it is a guy thing and we will
talk shit about girls and we're gonna
drink and get laid and it's just a men
thing so they started getting together
at bars you know in the area in
Manhattan and how is this organized this
is organized through his compound media
show through the combat media show his
own Twitter account and on Facebook
which he subsequently lost
he's persona non grata on social media
but that's how it started and it never
was supposed to go any further than that
Gavin himself didn't really take it any
further than that it's just let's get
together every so often we have a good
time we drink laugh everything like that
well then this whole thing with politics
got involved cuz and Tifa which is
anti-fascist started coming into
conservatives that wanted to speak so
Gavin was conservative is a conservative
he'd get speaking engagements at schools
and weiu or any any of numerous places
around New York City an anti-fog would
show up to protest him and try to shut
down the event so then the proud boys
would go and protect Gavin so he
wouldn't get harmed doing these speaking
engagements and that so then it turned
into this because they're fighting with
an tyfa they must be the far the fascist
right the nazis and once that gets out
there there's no pulling it back you
could try to explain how you're not a
nazi till you're blue in the fucking
face it ain't going away and especially
because it's a good story the press
likes it
this good-versus-evil thing they present
anti file like their protet they always
call them and the protesters were beaten
they're fucking violent a violent group
of people that are there to to hit
people they don't agree with and silence
people that want to speak and that's
exactly what happened with Gavin and Ann
Coulter and Milo gianopolous Ben Shapiro
a lot of these conservative people can't
go to these venues and speak they get
shut down because of a violent group of
people called an tyfa so proud boys were
kind of the answer to that so Gavin can
go around and actually speak well when
that happened more people came on board
because they kind of liked to beat
people up when you have a gang a group
of people and one of their missions is
now to beat up people you don't agree
with politically when there was TLS
there was tears to the membership like
the highest tier was you fought for the
cause right right I actually get into
fistfights yeah yes I'm sure Gavin
thought was like I've talked to Gavin I
like Gavin I've had Gavin on the podcast
yeah and the last time I had him on I
didn't know what this whole thing was
it's what I he was explaining the proud
boys and he was talk to me about we're
gonna punch them we're gonna punch
people yeah it's like whoa whoa whoa I
was like did you don't you can't just
punch people like they punch back and
then you get to get mad that you punched
him and they shoot you when you get out
of your car right right this escalates
people don't just take it well it was
never supposed to be an offensive
punching when when I would speak to
Gavin in every example I would see it
was an answer to violence they today
would have violence perpetrated on that
problem they answered a lot of context
and all all needed to say is he's
calling for violence that's it and
that's what they've said about Gavin
over and over again right taking things
out of context and use it as a gamble
the other problem being that the
anti-fog people are a lot of skinny
dudes and chicks with masks on and they
are not really that adept at fighting
there's a horrible video of this one
aunty fucka tries to hit someone with it
looks like some kind of a stick or a
pipe yeah and the guy catches it and
fucking blasts him on the champion
fucking put him down his
bounces off yeah Crete unconscious yes
yeah a lot of people died yeah yeah
exactly that's how people die in fights
like oh we killed him with his bare
hands yeah you hit his fucking head yeah
hit his head on the concrete you got hit
by the world
yeah the world right right gravity in a
budge gravity has punched you in the
back of the head yeah
yes these people have this idea that
they're gonna go places they're gonna
shut everybody down and because they're
in a group yeah I'm gonna scream and
yell and hit people with bike locks and
all this right yeah I'll scene yeah
weird thing is that that's from the left
that was never from the left before when
I was a kid I grew up when I was from
age seven eleven during the Vietnam War
y'all lived in San Francisco
and I was around the real hippies and I
remember being a little kid I remember
that even if times like there were
flower children I mean they were right
the hippies and the lefties were love
and peace and no violence and everyone
was doing acid right and now they're all
on adderall and they're hitting people
with bike locks it was yeah it's a
different thing there was a time where
the liberals the hippies the you know
they were the ones that when there would
be a demonstration and and the National
Guard would show up they'd be putting
flowers in the barrels of the guns there
are famous pictures of that and then
Kent State was a bunch of hippies
literally getting shot by the National
Guard the National Guard yeah that has
completely flipped around it's the
weirdest thing and I don't know how it
got distinguished we're proud boys
became this evil group of people and and
an tyfa is the good group of people now
I understand that proud boy proud boys
were infiltrated by white nationalists
yes Nazi white supremacist whatever it
is but those were constantly being
disavowed by Gavin Gavin never wanted
any of that happen but is there wow you
get in though here's the question
because this is my you saw my last
comedy special this is my criticism
about vegans it's not that there that's
anything wrong with being a vegan right
when you have a group where anybody can
join you're gonna get a certain amount
of fucking idiots right if you have a
million people for sure you have a
hundred
thousand fucking idiot there's no
getting around that yeah so if you have
a group where anybody can join and you
have a million people in that group
you're gonna have a hundred thousand
fucking it fucking idiot and those
people are gonna define your group the
worst behavior in the group is where
people are gonna call to as an example
that's it I think this is also a symptom
of the social media era today especially
with Twitter because you can't express
yourself and explain things 140 or 280
characters it just takes too much time
so they can say oh proud boys racist
scumbag Nazi that's a Gavin and there
are always a racist scumbag Nazi yeah
and all sudden that's the narrative and
everybody keeps pushing it and that's
videos of people punching little skinny
people oh look at these people they beat
up the ante fuck yeah he's fucking
assholes and Gavin's an asshole
yeah that's that's what it comes down to
I've seen it presented well you asked
how it starts and how it grows and how
you become a member by buying a fucking
shirt that's by buying a Perry Ellis
shirt and opening a chapter to there are
chapters worldwide you see it it's like
here's the be proud boys Australia
here's the problem proud boys fuckin
Japan like it's everywhere and it never
was supposed to get to that point and
regardless of how these people act it
now reflects on Gavin even though he
wanted to hang out in a bar with a few
people do his public speaking without
being hassled and that's it and and I
see the way the media manipulates things
I've been party to it myself and I've
seen Gavin presented in photos where you
look and go holy fuck it's Hitler like
like they get him there's one picture of
Gavin that I was petrified by he's got
his arms folded he's got a scowl on his
face that hair you know the short on the
side long on the top and he's looking
like like he's angry and I'm like that
that's not the guy that him and his wife
who's American Indian by the way his
wife's American India he's got beautiful
kids
that come over my house and use the pool
and we hang out in barbecue I'm like
that's not that guy yeah no one knows
that guy from the paper they're getting
this impression he's a really nice
guy he's generous just a really cool guy
to hang out with and what you see them
do in the media is just crazy especially
when you know he didn't invent some
goddamn Nazi group he was just trying to
have a little outrageous fun and it ran
from him it got away from him the origin
of it though well yeah the way you're
describing that is fucking fantastic
isn't that nuts it's crazy that that is
what presented it I mean that that
emerged it's kind of that we we fuck
with rat all the time because we go can
you believe the inspiration for the
proud boys is this little Jewish oh I'm
sure there is yeah yeah resi rat
compound media rat you'll probably find
them is it how much does this weird you
out though that compound media was the
source of all this it is weird like and
it's one of those things you worry about
like like I don't want to then be tied
because I know how it works
I love Gavin but I don't want to be tied
to the proud boys at this point you know
I got my own fucking problems through
history I don't need any more piled on
me well what was that thing that I'd
sent you that there he is there he is
that's a rat I guess that was Halloween
look at you what's this I was wearing
that suit that was I was the mayor from
Jaws Oh mayor Vaughn I was for Halloween
that's the guy yeah did the proud he
started the proud boys guys 1938
propaganda poster little cutie a Norman
Rockwell painting that's it he should be
there with like a like a guy who's
handing him an apple pie yeah yeah and
that's a that's the face of the new Nazi
movement I think there's a lot of
mistakes remained yeah but Gavin's
Gavin's made some mistakes and like his
his whole thing of not of blurring the
lines between parody and yes it's he
thinks it's fun it's very punk rock yeah
he came out last time he's on the
podcast was a few years back he came on
dressed like Michael Douglas from
falling down he had a briefcase he
brought the suit like the short sleeve
she dresses like that all the time now
like he goes around
I just I just did a Skype interview with
him yesterday two days ago and from the
hotel room and here he's got the pocket
protector and the pens and the glasses
yeah like falling down he thinks it's
funny but people need to understand and
this is true he is the godfather of the
hipsters yeah you put in godfather of
hipsters Google he comes up yeah all of
that wardrobe the guys are wearing that
would they look like they're wearing
old-timey suits with the skinny ties
yeah that's Gavin McGinnis yeah
literally started that fashion trend in
Williamsburg yeah and they it took off
from there
that the hipster dress the way people
would dress with those weird mustaches
and all that shit yeah that literally
came out of Gavin Gavin it which is
amazing the motherfucker is he is like a
yeah there's something like magnetic
about the guy he is what a cult leader
is like he could just start a cult which
in essence by accident he did yeah
between the hipsters and then this he's
one of those guys like I like Gavin why
don't you start why didn't you start a
cult where you get to fuck the people's
wives like that kind of cult why why do
you go he also did some really good
interviews online yeah yeah where he
would trick these leftists into sitting
down with him in interviews yeah and
along the way they were having this
conversation it would be exposed that he
didn't agree with them at all right and
they were trapped like this hardcore
feminists got trapped with them and yeah
a couple other people get trapped in
this room with him yeah and they they
realize like halfway like some of the
line of questioning and the way he's
approaching things like oh my god he's
an interesting guy
he's very interesting and outside of
this proud boys thing have you never
never invented that yeah never did any
that he would be doing great yeah
although he had a problem with one of
one of his own companies that he made
after vice they bought him out of Vice
because Shane turned more liberal and
and it wasn't really the they weren't
really meshing any more over their
advice so they kind of just bought out
Gavin he got a lot of money and decided
to his own thing he had an advertising
firm I guess it was and then he got the
boot from that
for making transgender comments well he
was talking about transgender people
have mental health mental health issues
was bringing up all these here's the
problem he was he was saying some things
that are correct yeah interspersed with
again
yeah harity and sarcasm and but in his
mind this was like just this is
something you can talk about where it
was in the public's eye particularly
during the Caitlyn Jenner the whole
thing people had decided that
transgender was amazing it's amazing
it's beautiful she's incredible and he
was saying no these are people that are
mentally ill and there's and there's a
website that he was pointing to I think
it's called transgender regrets or
something like that yeah where they have
all these stories of all these men who
turned into women and turned back to men
again now that I don't have dicks no
cheese and they have to take
testosterone injections and they hate
their life and there's some of them who
did it looking when they were in their
60s and now now they're in their 70s and
trying to be a man again and and that
gender dysphoria was thought to be a
mental health issue like anorexia like a
lot of other right there's there's body
dysphoria B people have weird you know
bodybuilders get it they never think
they're big enough right yeah yeah I
have like weird perceptions of their
physical presence and their move and
some I had a psychologist dr. Deborah so
who was discussing late onset gender
dysphoria in autistic girls that
autistic teenage girls they don't feel
like they fit in and people can convince
them that they're actually a man Wow and
so a lot of them start taking hormones
and and and going through transition
massive regrets and then unfortunately
for women when especially when you're a
teenager and you're going through
puberty and you take hormones you
literally start developing male features
your face gets harder and thicker and
wider your shoulders get bigger like the
whole deal your hands yeah
click gross the size of a thumb you so
you make these irreversible changes yeah
ya know so you just described it as Jim
Norton scream girl yeah
this is the perfect Jim Norton is 11 to
death he's a perfect example too of
someone who's bulletproof because that's
what he is he's he's charming like like
in his his fucking debauchery he's a
charming guy yes girls love him and
think he's adorable
when he's saying some of the most
heinous shit on stage and and on the air
and stuff he's you know where he's
coming from yeah yeah yeah well there's
no mistaking like he he wears everything
honestly huh so he wrote the foreword
and in my book permanently suspended he
wrote the foreword he knows me like it's
my brother first and then Jim Norton
yeah like Jim knows me really well we're
we're really good friends and I love the
guy why didn't you guys wind up doing a
show together when Opie and Anthony
crashed
uh I I think look I can't blame anybody
because I think that having the security
of a steady paycheck as opposed to the
guy that just got thrown off of
everything open starting his own thing
it probably wasn't all that appealing to
Jimmy who you know you just bought a new
place in the city and everything is it
just it wasn't the right time and then
you know as time went on he became the
go-to guy over it's serious
from the Opie and Anthony show so I
would love to and I do his chip chip
person show and you know we're doing
we're doing one in Philly next week the
live show yeah we've been doing these
live shows on Long Island we did one up
in Boston and it's hilarious he comes
out and the crowd goes fucking wild and
he's got to be in character the whole
time it's got to kill him it's got a
killer and and it's so much fun to do I
love playing the the straight guy
co-host to his fucking insane character
but yeah we've done these live shows and
they're they're really a lot of fun and
he's just a my god it's so ridiculous
he's got to stay and get look at those
pants yeah
hilarious the place is like packed and
it's crazy you guys reading what are the
notes oh he wanted us to he wrote he
wrote like a almost a play but it's all
just kissing chips ass and how wonderful
chip is and how thankful we are to be
there like it's so goddamn funny I love
it
he's he's brilliant man he's just a
great guy and very fucking funny I knew
from the first I think that also kind of
I'm not blaming Jimmy or anything but I
think that helped to kind of break up
the ona show in time I think Opie
started resenting a little bit of that
camaraderie that me and Jimmy were
having me and Jimmy kind of slowly
started pulling away and doing our own
thing like it was and and the humor is
you know the more twisted the better
I love sick humor he does too and we
laugh we did a whole bit on on like Laci
Peterson and Scott Peterson the murder
yeah and you would think like obviously
he murdered his pregnant wife and dumped
her in the ocean what could possibly be
funny about that what people wrote
tribute songs with this guy wrote a
tribute song to her and another one of
these self-centered assholes I thought
he was gonna go viral by making a
tribute song and it we started changing
the words to the song to make it just
horrible involving seaweed and things
like so it was terrible
but me and Jim are literally crying
laughing and all he's just kind of
sitting there like not really able to
jump in or not kind of getting why we're
laughing at this sick shit so it kind of
pushed us further apart at that point
yeah we both as people changed over the
course of the 20 years we work together
25 years with anybody do it is is nuts
you get a girl that's suck your dick
every day for twenty years you're gonna
be like oh fuck stop sucking my dick but
now it's think it's opening it crossed
from me you know yeah so you're gonna
get on each other's nerves and I'm not
innocent in the whole thing either but I
was I'm a lot more laid-back like I I
knew what
real work was I worked for fucking
living I did heating and air
conditioning installation and it was
freezing cold in the winter and boiling
hot in the summer and when I got that
first gig and radio because of Opie I'll
always thank him for that I knew what it
was like to work and I didn't want to
fuck that up
so I Plested a smile on my face at every
turn and did the show four hours a day
everyone has someone at work that they
don't get along with you don't leave you
no fucking you know you just deal with
it
and that's eight hours I don't know 20
hours of the day that didn't involve
Gregg Opie Hughes so I could deal with
it he was more like he had to express
himself a little more which I guess is
healthy in a way but I didn't need to so
I didn't I didn't text him I didn't call
him I he we got in an argument once and
he goes dude you never even been to my
house and I go alright get everyone from
the show in here Jim have I ever been to
a house nope
Travis no Sam no erock no I've never
been to anyone's house let me tell you
something right now
yeah that's not my chick would say I
know my house dude it's exactly into my
house type of relation I never been
Africa what what the fuck you say I've
never been to Spain what does that have
to do with anything that we've if you
had a problem with me not coming to your
house why didn't you ask me to come to
your house yeah like is there like you
ask me every day and I'm saying no and I
was saying no right right what's going
on it was always something like that and
believe me I'm not gonna sit here and
shit on the guy I thought my shows for
that I'm not gonna shit on the guy but
there were definitely personality quirks
and that I guess we both had but there
was something like if I I would party
all the time and and you know I had to
be there at 6 a.m. and I'm driving from
Roslyn Long Island to New York City it's
it's 25 30 miles of just fucked traffic
every day he had it could be 35 minutes
it could be an hour and a half
based on if someone's pulled over on the
side of the road some asshole
ashes in Queens whatever it was it was
it was a shit Drive every day and you
had to be there at 6:00 right 6 o'clock
the show started and so even at 6:00 did
be that kind of traffic
yeah yeah there's it wasn't as bad as it
got it like 7 or 8 but you never really
knew it could it could I was never late
late but there were times I'd come in at
5:00 after 8:00 after 6:00 was pretty
much as late as I would I would be it
was never more than that but he would go
like he never had to say anything like
this music starts there's a little
bumper at the beginning and by the time
it starts I'd sit down and he on mic
would go well I guess there was traffic
Anthony just getting in and now the
bosses are listening and it was it just
wasn't necessary to do that you know it
kind of I was like he wanted something
you got to be talked about guys don't do
that guys don't do that to each other
you fucking sit down don't say a word no
one would know I'm late you know and
that's what happened and it there were
instances like that all the time it's
all in my book permanently suspended
there's that book out now it's out now
yeah borders Florence and Noble room we
think we have a copy in the green oh yes
very good
but but I thought it's at my house it's
in my house I talk a lot about obviously
the relationship and and with Hopi and
and how it kind of slowly came apart at
the seams I think toward the end he just
had had if he didn't want to do a show
with with me anymore I I don't think he
wanted to do a show with Jimmy either
that didn't last long and I knew it
wasn't going to last long they I was the
buffer between the two of them that
ended bad it really did it it really did
if you talk to Jimmy about it like yeah
yeah he doesn't he doesn't express that
kind of no yeah no he doesn't like
Jimmy's a very loyalty driven guy like
he takes that very seriously and if he
feels somebody's fucking with him he
really gets pissed usually it can get
talked out and everything's cool after a
little while but this one who this
this is some work yeah I think honestly
the way you guys interacted with each
other what he was good for was sort of
directing the whole thing right that's
the impression that I got in them I mean
how many times I do the show
dozens right yeah yeah I know how many
times I did absolutely I always felt
like what he did really well was like
sort of guide things like sit back more
let you guys be funny but but guide like
figure out like maybe we need more of
this maybe we need more of that yeah
there was real value to that absolutely
but do you think that's fun when you go
out and do an appearance and everyone's
clamouring about a bit that me and Jimmy
did or something for handyman
yeah and he's sitting there going like
well I I pushed the button and I drove
the ship and I you know winches spots
and if he knew it's it's it's funny
because like yeah you're not gonna be
appreciated right as much but it's like
a guy who is good at defense but he
doesn't score a lot of points yeah yeah
yeah you're not gonna be LeBron James
it's necessary guys who score the points
though or the ones who everybody wants
to talk to you yeah you ever see uh III
think of Opie like um you ever see the
prestige the movie the prestige with the
two magicians no and stay it's it's a
good movie it's a good movie but at one
point because he has to use a body
double the actual magician has to drop
below the stage and the body double
comes out and gets all the applause and
he's under the stage the real guy that
did the whole act is under the stage and
he shuts his eyes and puts his arms out
like trying to enjoy the adulation from
the fans but it's not even him getting
it and I think that kind of mindset was
there there's and then resentment starts
bubbling up and you start doing things
like saying Anthony just got in you you
hold things over people's heads the
contract negotiations were a nightmare
every time and Opie always wanted a
one-year deal I'm like what the fuck you
doing let's
for ten years who gives a shit you know
if they want to fire they're gonna fire
you anyway
contract or not but let's lock them in
so if something happens at least we have
a settlement portion we could take half
the the what they owe us for five years
whatever it is not one-year deal that's
all I want because he always had this
delusion of grandeur like there was
always something better waiting for us
to grab up and it's like the truth of
the matter was the the glory years of
the ona shoe were gone but any W years
and the you know all that crazy fucking
radio
we were damaged goods after the sex in
st. Patrick's Cathedral debacle we we
had a couple we had a contest where
people had to go around New York City
and have sex at various famous locations
with the Hard Rock Cafe and Empire State
Building things like that we had
spotters who were comics or people that
worked for the show follow them around
and they would call us on the show and
go all right we're here at the Empire
State Building and he's doing it I'm
watching him right now so we had Paul
Mercurio who was a comic and he was
following one couple around and opiate
put Church on the list and I went like
hmm I don't know man he goes it's just
to read on the air and say like what
locations are and when we say Church
people go like whoa outrageous but no
one's gonna go to church don't worry
well Paul calls up and goes well we're
here at st. Pat's and he's doing the
two-point conversion you got an extra
two points if you were fucking her in
the ass at the location because they all
had point values for how dangerous it
was Pat was watching to be sure that it
wasn't Paul Paul was watching yeah yeah
the spotter was supposed to watch and so
he had to watch this guy fuck his girl
in the ass
yeah yeah there was a lot of theater of
the mind going on too who knows what the
fuck they were doing or where I heard I
hear it was in the vestibule outside st.
Pat's but regardless it's sex at st.
Pat's right and me know if we looked at
each other we both had digital delay
like the delay button seven second we
have like a 30 second delay we both had
buttons in front of us there was another
guy in a locked room down the hall that
had a button to dump out of because we
would constantly doing shit that would
have gotten FCC complaints so
the boss installed these buttons
everywhere well we both had our finger
on it calling like shit do we punch out
of this it's hilarious guys fucking his
girl in the ass at st. Pat's and neither
of us hit the button and the guy down
the hall didn't hit it we just went with
it at that moment is like that is one of
those moments like talk about a defining
moment you move your finger one inch
down and that never happens it's amazing
to think about what year was this 2002 I
believe 2000 it was right yeah we it was
9/11 we went through 9/11 on the air and
stuff and then I guess that summer maybe
what year did you guys wind up on XM
2004 I think it was we we got to sit out
two fucking years out of our contract
not working they didn't want us to go to
mornings because Clear Channel Radio
which was another radio company and CBS
were were kind of fighting for us Clear
Channel wanted us to do mornings against
Howard Stern who was on CBS we worked
for CBS at the time doing afternoons so
we we were put in a position where they
were both just throwing huge amounts of
money at us and CBS was like we can't
let them go two mornings it we probably
it would be impossible to beat Howard
but we would take enough listeners away
where you might not be number one
anymore that effects revenue you know
you want to you want to sell the show as
the number one rated show so CBS was
doing anything they could to keep us in
afternoons with the same company as
Howard so that it was the most lucrative
contract we ever signed it was a
three-year deal we signed it in I guess
two thousand one and after one year they
canceled the show because of the sex
that st. pat's thing that blew up I mean
it was in the newspapers it was I had a
look at Opie and dopey on the front page
of I'm like fuck off dopey I gotta be
dopey I was so embarrassing my family
and everything was just fuckin nuts
so I the CBS was like well we cancelled
your show but we're not letting you out
of your contract
like what does that mean we talked to
our agent he goes well you can't work
they're not letting you work you'll
still get paid and dude I'm talking
millions of dollars this was millions of
dollars that they had to give us for two
years but you'd think like oh that's
awesome
back then there was no internet to speak
of like you have no way to contact your
fans well you could have a website which
is what other ways that we became
friends is I wrote about you guys right
yeah yeah I wrote a big piece on my
website about how I was yeah yeah a lot
of people supported us and yeah but it
got in two years you just disappear on
the radio it's if you're not doing a
show and you're out there you will go
away they will find something else so we
were really worried about that and again
damaged goods so no one was really
clamoring to hire us anyway but we went
through two years where I was just
making huge amounts of money and just
buying toys I would go I went to
Atlantis for a couple of weeks and in
the Bahamas and I was literally I was
pulling my luggage to leave at the the
desk and I go to my check I go what do
we wear why we going home he goes okay I
said can I have the room for another two
weeks like okay went back upstairs just
stayed for a month no reason why am I
going home after two weeks you're so
conditioned like how long a vacation is
right and and that lasted for two years
and then satellite came calling which
was we considered radio prison at that
point was radio Jail anyone good because
everyone that had fucked up in regular
radio ended up in satellite like no one
wanted to be in satellite radio at the
time they had no subscribers me and Opie
sat on the side of the the Belt Parkway
once by my house in Brooklyn and we were
like let's see how many satellite radio
antennas we see because they used to be
very obvious shark-fin big antennas
aftermarket they stuck him and drilled
him into your roof it was terrible the
installation process was stupid no one
wanted to get fuck their car up with
this dumb antenna so we're looking at
one like nothing and then oh look
there's one
and you know the money's one thing
obviously but as a broadcaster you want
to fucking be talking to people you know
you want you want to entertain people
you want people to say wow that was good
and there was just no subscribers back
then during our 10 years there it wound
up getting very very good and and we had
a lot of listeners but early on no one
but satellite was calling and we signed
you know we signed the deal but we
definitely would have preferred
terrestrial radio yeah it's now right
because now satellite
it sounded like became a big thing when
Howard got on it mm-hmm and people were
talking about and then it became a big
thing because every new car you would
buy you'd get a free 90 days or whatever
yeah but now no one gives a shit yeah
it's it's one of the most short-lived
technologies not that it's gone I think
it'll always be there some capacity man
it is fucking clinging by a thread so
many other that's why they bought
Pandora I guess oh there's so many other
streaming outlets out there and the fact
in podcast the fact that podcasts are
all free yeah yeah and then you could
play them in a tunnel right everywhere
it doesn't peter out on you and you know
you get that signal constantly now so
it's it's not like the old days every
time you get in the car like your system
identifies your phone and then with
links uh planned commercials
I remember they started playing
commercials like what the fuck is this
I'm paying so yeah you can play
commercials he out of your fucking mind
yeah that was it was supposed to be a
commercial free they all talk about
commercial free and then it ends up oh
if you're listening to 70s on 7 I guess
you won't have to listen to a commercial
but even then I think yeah yeah they
started throwing commercials on
everything so yeah yeah short-lived
technology it's weird and then to put
all of your eggs in a couple of baskets
that are circling the earth always
seemed weird to me I can't get it you
know why I think right yeah guys when I
when I went to Hawaiian vacation I got a
our that had SiriusXM built into it it
didn't work yeah yeah what the fuck is
this you have to deal with a satellite
orbiting that you know something happens
to the transmitter on a terrestrial
station they send an engineer up there
he turns a few screws or what have you
you know something fucks up in a
satellite what are you gonna do like you
know how we're gonna get in a rocket and
fix the fuckin it's really dumb
technology at this point yeah yeah
totally unnecessary unnecessary in fact
that serious is still transmitted from a
thing in the sky down to the ground yeah
yeah
and then it's transmitted from the
people on the ground up into the sky and
then back down to the people on the
ground yeah yeah that's what's going on
this is so so unnecessary just the
people on the ground can just send it to
the people on the ground on the ground
why would you do yeah especially in this
day and age with the but they're still
doing it it's very weird yeah yeah it is
they're gonna have to do something the
fuck their model I don't know like I
said by Pandora they're you know maybe
start scooping up Internet companies but
they're gonna do I think they're gonna
move towards that direction yeah I think
that's all they are
you know what's really weird though it's
like the fucking AM radio is still a
thing like like that's the weirdest
thing to me the the death knell for
radio has been it's been forever like
the second another technology came out
it was like well I guess that's it for
radio yeah television we have a an
amazing invention here and radio was
supposed to be dead but it's just hangs
in there people just can't let it go
regular radio especially a.m. may I
remember as a kid my dad having the am
like music on the AM radio satellite was
coming out of a tin can static and shit
and that was kind of all you had I drove
home a lucky like a year ago and just on
a goof mmm-hmm I decided to put on AM
radio and I was listening to an AM radio
show and I had a big smile on my face
all the way home because it was like I
was listening to the past yeah yeah it's
like a time machine right I was some
weird one of the local talk shows a
weird local talk show in LA where they
were talking about traffic and the
Dodgers game
it's archaic so strange like first of
all anything with anything that is
trying to inform you is just unnecessary
at this point unless it's you know fake
news the the big CNN and Fox News and
everything those will always be a
fixture and stuff but local fucking news
do you really need the the team that
cares at six o'clock it's all just shit
that you've already seen online
there's not one story that will be on
the 6 o'clock news that I don't already
know in depth it's also the lowest rung
of show business in terms of competence
they're terrible at it and they're all
drunks it's hilarious dude I have never
seen a group of people that can drink
more than fucking news people they they
just get hammered constantly or
miserable I think that's it I think
their mom went through a whole thing
when Roseanne was supposed to be on the
podcast and right after she got fired
she announced she was gonna come on the
pod casts and so these fucking
newscasters start showing up where our
old studio is actually they went to our
old studio and they were parked out
front with cameras and this is where I
got I got upset first of all you guys
are terrible at this and second of all
you just assume that because you're
there I have to talk to you mm-hmm
so because you see me I'm gonna say
something to you because you put your
camera and your microphone on your face
it doesn't work that way fuckface yeah
yeah I'm not gonna talk to you you're
not good at talking yes is the reason
why you do this yeah like a really good
job doing this because you're not good
at this you're not going at it you will
one day get a really good job doing this
or you're just not good at it yeah one
of those because right now you're right
here and I'm not talking to you
this is nonsense like you're holding
this fucking camera hi we're here with
CBS and for news like yeah I don't have
to talk to you yeah did you have a
camera in front of me doesn't my we're
gonna have an interview now sometimes
they feel like you're obligated to
address them well I trying to come to my
house yeah yeah I've had that happen s
not fun it's definitely not fun my
neighbors I'm not talking to you they
knock on my neighbor's doors and the
know about me and stuff and if you think
like like we deal with LA or New York
imagine what the news team in fucking
East Bala bumfuck like that's got to be
the worst they are just terrible at what
they do terrible local news in some
podunk fuck town is hilarious to watch
it's one of the things that comics have
to do when they come into a town you
have to do local TV shows morning the
morning chat so thing shitty is you
think the view is rather than talk
shitty is those shows Morning America
fucking pens get together these shows in
like the local one in Boise Idaho or oh
yeah Dallas thousand times worse worse
just terrible and and I I hate that
there's such a double standard when one
of them fuck's up when a news person
fuck's up they just apparently leave him
alone like where was everyone with
what's-his-name from from and was it NBC
Brian Williams
well Brian Williams they kind of got on
yeah but no Lauer Matt Lauer oh yeah
like Matt Lauer it was in the news or I
think but where was where was the mic
being shoved in Matt Lauer's face as
he's trying to fucking go home or
something there was some of that I think
he just hid I mean he went straight to
Long Island and went to the Hamptons and
he's never left but were they camping
out in front of his house like like they
did they were yeah they just he's just
been banging divorcees and riding a
motorcycle to get back on TV that is
just it was stunning to me is how much
money he made oh yeah like I didn't know
he was making that much money like that
is insane and four years later for a
long fuck is that like a giant ranch in
New Zealand that's like thousands of
acres I think I decide you need that
it's so crazy because he's got some
access issues like the people that want
to get to certain parts of the public
land they have to go through his ranch
so there's like an access issue like
some sort of easement well these people
were supposed to be able to drive
through and they're fighting it off and
you should just sit at his desk with
that button that opens the door but it
lays a gate up so they could get through
that button there's a
I'm shit about that button love the bud
they all had that button yeah that was
it yeah it was because they had big
offices and they want to be able to lock
their door suddenly interrupt it on a
phone call oh I wasn't so they could
bang chicks in the office like women
executives had that button - oh okay
yeah but that's the thing that sounded
very very yeah yes Audrey indeed yeah
well the media grabbed onto that like oh
my god he had a button to lock it like I
sitting there when I fuck fucking some
nervous girl just heels that click
because all fuck he hit the button yeah
there was a lot of that that was like
accentuated like there was a one guest
that brought in a bunch of sex toys and
he bag and he kept it in his office and
he's like oh he keeps a bag of sex toys
in his office this shit in this office I
got a flamethrower okay Elon Musk gave
me a flamethrower yeah awesome but a
flamethrower in his office yes it's that
kind of thing if somebody gave me a bag
of dildos it would be right over there
next to the flame thrower he has a bag
of dildos unless I made a conscious
decision to throw it away or my god I
found it it would wind up getting tossed
but Matt Lauer decided to keep it in his
fucking closet yeah I don't know
apparently he gave some people some I
think the guy was getting laid yeah
that's what I think and I think a lot of
what else happened the all the the
details of it it seems to me that it's
it's all of it is like very blown out of
proportion I don't like that that that's
happening because everyone is being
lumped into the Harvey Weinstein
category which is the that's the Busey
for the fucking pyramid right there
Cosby's the tip right right Cosby's
literal one yeah he's literally number
one yeah yeah there was a woman who said
this on I believe it was CNN or one of
those talk show she said he may very
well be the biggest serial rapist in
history and you even fucking bill Cod
literally sitting back on my couch going
yeah biggest serial rapist yes tree Wow
a time machine would be wonderful just
to see people's expressions when you
tell him like
what's happening in the whole celebrity
a forum like like what's uh hey Cosby's
doing never seen a photo of Howard
Cosell yeah next to Bruce Jenner and OJ
Simpson poach and it says I've seen the
future and you're not gonna fight it
leave this fuckin crazy when we were
kids we used to watch The Cosby Show yes
when it was when he was Bill Cosby the
stand-up comedian that will go on HBO
and everybody loved him he was American
loved her America's dad right there The
Cosby Show revolutionary on television
he was at that time raping them insane
not just raping them but drugging yeah
and and friends daughters like oh he
knew come on over I'll help you with
your career Wow plop yeah drop to and
you're fuckin drink and if you don't
okay put your feet up that's why I stick
my dick in him and that hazy like a few
of them just hazely regained
consciousness for a minute and just
remember seeing old build pounding away
with the that fucking flounder I I think
he got the I later in life yeah yeah I
think I'm not sure I thought they were
using that as kind of a sympathy thing
but he looks pretty fun flying and him
the same jail they sent Whitey Bulger oh
wow yeah boy and he's he was what 95 or
something like that Whitey Bulger was he
that all I think it was that fucking all
like in his 90s that's off that's a
grudge that someone held on to for quite
a while well the guy hated rats
apparently and that was the thing that
Whitey Bulger all throughout his time of
running the Irish mob was ratting people
out yeah yeah that's what was really
crazy he was another guy just like we
were talking about the fucks is named
the Italian guy yeah Gotti god no the
other one
Oh Sammy the boy he was in the mob
ratting out other people in the mob
while he was murdering people yeah yeah
like the FBI allowed him to sell drugs
and do a lot of he won the lottery twice
while he was doing this you know how
that works how the wall of snow Ellis
would win the lottery and he would use
that as a way to show income so he would
pay them for their lottery ticket
or steal it from him whatever they did
it and then he would say look I won the
lottery and then he would win the
lottery so that way he would have all
this money laundered and could avoid tax
evasion charges that way you have a
proof of income
that's why I'll get that boat where'd
you get that Cadillac where'd you get
that house yeah yeah yeah that's that's
fucked up twice you know both y-z to win
it twice he was yeah he was the FBI was
helping him to obviously they were
giving up competitors and well they they
were responsible probably for some
murders yeah yeah they would bring
people to him like that that was a thing
like hey we're not gonna kill anyone but
we'll bring this guy to you so you could
have a little chitchat and you know
you're driving the guy to to his death
yeah pretty much so he was living in an
apartment in Santa Monica with some girl
just talked a lot and apparently she was
yelling at him and that's that's how he
got arrested like like a domestic yeah
there was like some screaming and
yelling and they were weird and that was
what got people looking at them like who
the fuck are these people and then they
started mean he wasn't even like hide in
Montana or anything no no right out
there on a ranch somewhere in the middle
of nowhere where no one's gonna be
suspicious yeah who's in fucking Santa
Monica in an apartment that is fucked up
crazy I don't understand like how it's
gotta be the the the most stressful life
to lead just on the run i watch that
some of those shows like Cold Case Files
and when they find these people you know
their inmates are saying about the
brutal prison hit on Whitey Bulger
trying a job Oh Mike that's like Rosa oh
Jesus Christ
yeah it's a
he definitely got what he had coming to
him I don't see how anybody could argue
that apparently yeah so no sympathy he's
a shit just amazing then he's 89 made it
to 89 89 what was patrice like 40 when
he done yeah yeah yeah how's that work
I have no idea but yeah I mean he must
have been looking over shoulder
constantly while still in his wheelchair
he was beaten to death with what it may
call shanks locks a lock in a sock a dr.
Seuss weapon while in his wheelchair
before possibly having his eyes
partially gouged out with shanks oh yeah
that's some real challenge tried to chop
off his tongue Wow sometimes it works
sometimes jailhouse justice actually
happens you you don't you don't you
don't think it will but then at times
sometimes sometimes sometimes people get
what's coming to them yeah how do we get
on the subject of Whitey Bulger
III don't know we always just loved it
so yeah yeah I love that you've
established your own sort of media
company I love you decided to just yeah
start your own network yeah but is it is
it are there challenges like what we do
is pretty simple because we just put it
out there and then we put ads on it
right you know and yeah or YouTube puts
ads on it but is it is it challenging to
like I mean you you have a bunch of
people like when I was there other folks
were coming in and they had their shows
in the studio as well and they had you
change your green screen you know you
should change yeah yeah it's the more
convenient way to kind of instead of
having a different set for every show
it's a green screen and then we just pop
it in a pop in a background we could do
some pretty funny things with it - we've
done that I I did a reading last week of
a part of my book and we went to an
establishing shot of a cabin and I moved
to a chair behind the green screen and
it's just me by a little fire burning
and I oh oh welcome I didn't expect you
and you know so it's kind of fun to be
creative with the thing other than that
yeah there there are a lot of challenges
it's I I am NOT I'm in front of the mic
guy
that's it I don't really like any of the
other parts of the business visit it's
weird just this is the EO of the
business or I I'm the guy Keith though
is the guy I've delegated a lot of the
responsibilities as to the tech end of
everything and finding the people we
need to run equipment and stuff over the
course of the years and it's worked out
very well but but it is one of those
things like it's it's two companies you
have the entertainment that's going into
the microphone and then all the shit you
need to get that to the people yeah and
the business model and and you know
billing and and all that shit that I
can't fucking be bothered I have video
games to play I can't be bothered with
that shit
so you operate on it's a subscription
people pay by the month and ya get a ton
of shows they get the mike Ward show
yeah yeah Mike Ward who's in here last
week
yeah and they get Aaron and Geno doing
in hot waters our morning show and
they're just out of fucking control they
are the one show that I watch sometimes
they go like oh wow that's I wouldn't do
that yeah yeah oh yeah yeah they're
brood are they comics
yeah yeah they're comics in New York and
they tour around really funny guys then
so this is the this is the page with all
show yeah I I pilfered Bill Schulz and
Joanne no satinsky from Fox News they
used to be on Fox News a red-eye and
stuff oh really
East Side Dave is an insane motherfucker
from the old Ron and Fez show what's in
hot water in hot water is the morning
show that's uh yeah that's Aaron a Geno
Kevin Brennan who is just a mental
patient
Kevin scares me he yells a lot I come
into the studio and I just hear his
voice booming yelling and I get an
anxiety attack like it's my dad yelling
at mom back in the old days yeah it's
just a you know we're always looking for
how many shows you have on shows that
fit I don't know how many is that shows
available like to stream like anytime
you want yeah yeah every show most of
the shows go out live I like the element
of just a little danger there of
of being live as it goes out me too I
like that yeah and I don't know what it
is but just knowing you could edit
something might make you a little lazy
as you're doing it you can't stop yeah
Jamie brought it up like it feels
different and we've done shows and
aren't live yeah yeah it does if
something happens we're streaming at one
point time it fucked up we couldn't
stream so we just edited it and put it
our filmed it in advance rather and put
it up later but it's this feel feels
weird it does it's because there's a net
there's a net down there you could you
could leave if you had to take a piss
you could go I gotta take a piss I got
you know this is you're going out live
this is it
hi here it is I like I like that yeah
yeah that's something there's a feeling
that there's people listening right now
right yeah and everything's archived so
subscribers can get all the past shows
from all the shit is available can they
download audio as well as video yeah
yeah audio only audio and video yeah
it's it we give them a lot of options we
went with subscriber based because when
I got the boot from Sirius years ago I
couldn't imagine people wanted me to be
Hawking their products in the first
place and and I didn't want to be
beholden to sponsors right I can't have
anyone telling me what I can and can't
say anymore just ain't gonna happen but
is there an issue trying to get people
like I had a friend who was on radio and
they left and went to do a podcast and a
subscription podcast yeah and what he
was saying is it's really difficult to
grow like you have to keep those people
that you have you have to keep him happy
and he they would do things to engage
with them and they would do like little
events where they'd go to a bar mm-hmm
meet everybody and do a show from there
he said but it's really hard to grow
because people don't want to pay when
there's all these different shows they
could just get for free yeah that's
that's always a challenge but there's
also the commodity that people can't get
anywhere else is entertaining shows like
you could have a free show that sucks
right and there's plenty of those out
there but if you're good at what you do
and you already have an audience because
I say it all the time Corolla had the
greatest line once he was being
interviewed and someone said how do you
how do you make a successful podcast he
goes oh okay rule number one be famous
and it's like yeah you gotta so I
figured if we get up and running in a
month me and Keith figured it out
that we could hold on to a lot of the
ona audience that would come over and
subscribe quick get up yeah and that's
why thank God I had that studio already
built in my basement yeah I was able to
all we needed was the logistics of
pumping it out onto the Internet in a
bigger number than I was doing at 3:00
in the morning we were doing some of
them outside too yeah yeah we'd set up
the camera out by the pool like my first
guest was dice which was hilarious yeah
dice came by we sat by the pool and then
later on he went downstairs into my
basement I that karaoke stage and he was
singing Elvis karaoke songs it was
hilarious and that's one of those
moments we like dice is in my basement
singing Elvis fuck did that but yes so
that model works for us and it's been
working but I'm kind of seeing you got
to keep on your toes in especially a
technology-based business we were just
talking about satellite radio like you
know you just can't tell what's gonna
happen you really got to kind of look
for future trends and whatnot and maybe
more of a hybrid thing because it's a
balancing act of bringing new people in
and like you said keeping the people
that are there already but bringing new
people in with some free content so
maybe a tiered subscription thing where
there is a free level with sponsors but
then a tiered premium level hmm with the
material that we've already had maybe
past shows or something or extra content
but so we're we're always trying to
think of what might be a good option
when I first fired this thing up we had
no fucking clue I mean this was usually
you would kind of do some kind of a
research testing or whatever marketing
analysis of de parts and shit like that
and I just
I was like I could I could be here by
4:00 p.m. how long is it y'all gonna be
six two hours for six I could I could go
out at six and then I don't have to be
there until 4:00 p.m. that's fucking
easy still lets me party Monday through
Friday fuck that I want the three-day
weekend all the time for the rest of my
life Monday through Thursday and then we
have programming on Friday in the slot
that I'm supposed to begin during the
week so it just I wanted I didn't want
to fucking be driving myself like that
yeah forever so cut back on the hours
the days and it worked so you know I'm
very happy with that but again you know
we're always assessing and seeing what
we could do to kind of build it because
it is that trade-off of audience like
obviously we're not gonna get as many
people watching on a subscriber base
than we would if it was free with spots
but you know do you want to cut down on
the paid subscribers and boost it up and
then how far do I I go with advertisers
where somebody can call them and fuck me
over now and do I truly have free speech
now or as free as I can be with a
subscriber base so it's a balancing act
I see what you're saying like you don't
want to totally abandon the subscriber
model because then you're at the mercy
of subscribers of advertisers and it
gets like we have advertisers now we
have a couple of them that we pop maybe
two spots on a show and I do it they're
all live reads so I make them fun and
funny and you know people like I learned
that from Howard years ago when Howard
would go to spots before he was
syndicated to when he had all the time
in the world sometimes he didn't even
know he was still in a commercial break
it was just funny so I try to keep it
light and fun and add in things so it
doesn't feel so intrusive but I don't
live and die by sponsors it's not it's
kind of supplements the subscribers
stuff so that works and and I don't know
maybe I'm paranoid because of my past
that that sponsors might get pissed at
what I'm saying but
when I look at the shows especially the
shows I've been doing in the past a year
or so they're not as harsh as they were
I was really fucking angry like five
years ago when I started this whole
thing I can't believe it's almost five
years already that I've been doing this
at compound media and I was just pissed
and the show was a platform of like
venting and and revenge and like I just
I wanted to fucking yell and and be
pissed about things and bang the desk
about politics and society and and it it
came off as very angry and then as as
time went on I realized like people were
telling me god dude just be funny like
just joke about shit and you don't have
to be serious like I thought for some
reason I do almost like a political show
because of the fact that you had gone
through so much shit yeah yeah I was
resentful I was pissed and and you know
it's uh it's one of those things that
really carried over onto the show but in
the past couple of years I guess it's
been especially with bringing Artie
Lange on board for the eight months he
was with me it's very difficult to get
into any kind of commentary on society
with Hardy lank sitting there how it was
odd it was great I mean you know the the
preface everyone gives his fucking love
Artie he's hilariously funny so quick
and and just a goofy knock around
regular guy but the demons man
the demons it was it was kind of rough
to deal with like I said I'm a relaxed
guy if I already didn't show up one day
I do the show myself didn't he do the
show with Opie for a while no he was a
guest on an Opie show and and I guess
Opie approached him to be a co-host or
something he said no okay but yeah I was
never part of the show I thought he was
gonna be part of the show yeah there was
kind of a rumor going around for a while
so when he came on I was like it's not
gonna kill me if he doesn't show up you
know for a day every so often because
I'll just do the show myself but it it
turned out to be a little more than that
and there were some days that were real
good in other days where it was a little
frayed around the edges and you know
redundant he's got different kind of
demons
yeah like Beelzebub he's got like the
main demon he really does man and it's
so fucking sad to see cuz I mean there's
no question about the talent there he's
he's hilarious and a great guy great guy
you always hear that yeah I always hear
that yeah I remember when we hired him
it was I was at the Comedy Cellar and
Dave Attell came he goes so you're
working with already like yeah goes well
welcome to the wonderful world of the 3
a.m. phone calls and not being able to
find him like oh fuck what did we get
ourselves into and and that's kind of
what we got ourselves into but again I
mean I had a great time his he's one of
the funniest motherfuckers especially on
a mic like that the the who would think
that when Jackie Martling left the Stern
Show they'd be able to replace him with
somebody that was just funny as fuck and
and have legendary shows with with Artie
on and you know he he definitely earned
a place in in broadcast history but we
just you know after eight months it got
a little too crazy too unpredictable and
he needs some predictability what was
what was bad about it well it was the
the attendance issue was a little odd
like a principal yeah yeah the
attendance he wasn't he was tardy and
and there were some days he was fucking
just most days he was awesome but there
were some days where you know the heads
down it was kind of kind of a little
iffy and you know regardless I know he
knows that too I mean he's he's he lives
in that body so you know he knows it so
it was a little odd and then we picked
up Dave Landau who's a young comic out
of Detroit he filled in a couple of
times when we had him as a guest on the
show and then he filled in a couple of
times during our tease few sabbaticals
that he was away for a week or so and me
and Dave just hit it off he's got a
great sense of humor he's a little
twisted he's got a great backstory
the guy was just a fucking piece
shit for his stories about like drunk
driving he crashed every car he had he
was arrested 15 times before he was 18
like just a disaster and you're look at
him now he's got a great wife a
beautiful kid he's working comic and
he's awesome he he knows how to co-host
my show he gets it he we don't step on
each other he he knows exactly what to
throw in and when so really happy with
with Dave Landau he's great thing only
did one show with him the last time I
was in town yeah he's great yeah he's a
he's a good guy dude yes smart and
really decent like it's so weird to see
people that you didn't know when they
were such fuck-ups and fucked up cuz
like you know you almost want to go
alright come on we'll just drink one
night I want to see what a disaster you
are you know yeah because you know you
just don't know how fucked up people can
get but you never know he's he's a
decent guy yeah I like what you're doing
man I love it I love that school you're
doing something different here and you
you basically you got put into a corner
yes said all right I'm gonna figure my
way out of this it was a lifeboat at
first it was really expanded it now and
it's p.m. it's become a really
interesting thing yeah and and I never
expected it I I gave it a lot of thought
in between being fired and when we
finally fired it up compound media I was
like what do I do - why do I go fucking
buy a ranch somewhere in the middle of
the sticks and get guns and write a
manifesto or something or you know I
didn't know what to do right no one was
knocking on my door to fucking give me a
job so when the idea came to do this it
was pretty much all right I want to do
this and regardless of how many subs I
get the overheads gonna be barely
anything it's me in my basement doing a
broadcast so I wasn't really worried
about the number of subscribers or
anything like that and when we launched
and it was really successful during the
course of that
year we started getting other shows
Legion of skanks the guys out there big
Jay oakerson and this Dave Smith and no
no they have their own thing lewis jay
gomez yeah they got their own thing on
their own network but for a while they
were doing their show from my house
which was so weird it was like because
you need their legion of skanks with
them they have their part of their show
is that live audience so I'd have people
coming into my backyard that I didn't
know from a hole in the wall that had
driven out to Roslyn Long Island to sit
on folding chairs in front of the guys
and I'm walking around my basement like
who are these put like this is a little
weird it's a little intrusive but it's
cool but it and then it really started
getting fucked up because during the
summer months they'd all jump in the
pool so now this swimming at my pool
people the Legion of skanks was in my
pool and it was the weird
it was cold we'd all just you know have
a few beers talk you get to know people
yeah
so it wasn't that bad no one ever did
anything bad they respected the house
and everything which was very cool and
then Gavin was doing the show we got
Gavin on board from my house and a lot
of times it was at night so I'd be
upstairs on my couch watching TV or
something he'd finish up come upstairs
and sit on the couch and be like hey man
what's and I'm just like I just don't
want to talk I talked all day I'm just I
want to watch TV
so it became a little weird and and
after a year keith was like let's get a
place in the city it's easier for guests
yeah so we got a place at 35th and 7th
right near Penn Station which works
great you know I take the train and now
I don't have to fucking drive into the
city although that's another nightmare
the Transit Long Island Railroad but it
just works out better that way it gets
me out of the house it's a separation of
personal life and and yeah the the job
so it works out I like the podcasts in
my house too I think everybody does my
little kids he'd hear in the background
screaming at each other my mommy she
took my thing you know because they were
really little at the time - yeah owned
it for nine years
holy fuck yeah oh my god no time yes I
did it in my house and then we started
doing some of the ice house and then I
got a got a place got a
the last one yeah yes you just went to
remember that and then as the show got
bigger I just said let's get a big place
this is this is insane Joe I like I
don't know how much you've shown the
people on your show do you venture out
and show them anything because it's it's
insane it's a fucking airplane hangar
this is giant and everything in every
corner is cool like it's all just cool
there's four uh you got weights and mats
and and then that that hunting thing
that archery game it gained it's amazing
it's you know it is a game to scores
like you compete against each other yeah
you're firing real arrows with your
compound bow into what is that Kevlar a
Kevlar screen the tips are flat like the
top of a water bottle so slaps it it
doesn't penetrate yeah I went to a gun
range a couple of times on Long Island
that also used a video on a screen that
was made with giant rolls of paper one
horizontal one vertical and a censor
would read the light that would come
through when a bullet hit and that would
record where you shot and accurately
show that and then after too many holes
got in all you have to do is wind the
paper a little bit on each one and it it
miss aligns the holes so now you got a
whole new sheet of paper to shoot at oh
yeah and and it was very cold to be able
to shoot at video targets of you know
the bad guy yeah well it's just like
really good for real-life situations I
think that thing's amazing yeah you you
you're not just looking at a bull's-eye
like a typical target face you're
looking at the crease behind the
shoulder where you're trying to hit the
heart by the way you nailed that one
like the second one you did it was a
deer just a video of a deer standing
there and it's moving it's not a still
picture and you drew that back and hit
it exactly in the crease behind the leg
yeah that was a hard shot really cool
this fucking game is very addictive
though you'll be out there pulling that
bow back you fuck your shoulder up yeah
yeah pulling back 70 pounds all day long
yeah it's gets super addictive Lee think
about how addictive it is to
play video games oh yeah I think about
competing against another bow hunter and
you're talking shit to each other
playing this game yeah here walking out
in the field yeah that's really great
practice for actual bow on it yeah you
could tell it's very accurate to
wherever that wherever that bolt hit
it's fucking right right on the money
very very cool though this place is
awesome
you know this place I can't even you you
were you know you took the ball and
fucking ran with it man you really did
this is amazing just an amazing
accomplishment like you're not--' you're
the guy like like people you like oh
you're gonna Rhodes podcast oh shit he's
the guy you like ended up being the guy
because of you awesome man because of
being a guest on ona and then watch
crazy having a compound that's
absolutely where it all started crazy I
just want it when I was doing that I it
was trial and error I would go to B&H
photo in Manhattan and just buy shit and
take it home hook it up and go yeah that
don't quite work throw something in the
closet get something else and slowly
built up what I needed to have it work
my goal was really to have lower thirds
and video over my shoulder and and look
into the camera with the teleprompter so
it looked like the news yeah but it was
done by a drunk guy who's you know good
to go off and just sing karaoke horrible
language like that to me was always
funny like it was a parody of a real TV
show I wanted to look good not just a
grainy camera with it Xbox headset
lightly just talking about this at the
comedy store the other night we were
watching the news it was on the
television and we're saying how much
better with the news be if you get a
couple of us and get fucked up and start
smoking weed and they're just like but
the real news like actual real stores
like oh shit fuck that guy just did an
of the news is just with comics like
I've actually after doing that at The
Comedy Store watching that talking to a
couple friends I've actually thought
about doing that like having a nightmare
right yeah or a morning news show it's
just a show where one hour the day
is just like you get the AP feed yeah
yeah all the news feed and you got video
to go with it and you do a stoned out or
drunk new show yeah
we Alex we we have a guy Michael malice
that does a kind of a daily wrap-up show
at 11:00 p.m. and it's hilarious because
he'll put like the other day was talking
about Tucker Carlson and the graphic
comes up and it says Tucker calls it but
it's a picture of who the fuck was it
Sean Hannity it was a picture Sean
Hannity and he does shit like that all
the time and people like dude that's not
Tucker his wife no it's it I thought it
was but he does that on purpose like he
fucks with the graphics and the the
ticker at the bottom and everything and
it's really weird it's really funny he's
he's a smart guy - oh he's a clever
little shit yes so but that's the shit
like that is great we did it we did an
election show during the presidential
election a couple of years ago and Gavin
was on that one and we had all the big
American flag waving in the background
on the green screen and everything and
and we were calling it like a sporting
event
DiPaola was there and it really turned
into like a football game you're just
going oh my god we just got Florida oh
it was so and it was we were all
drinking and laughs and it was an
election coverage like the news would do
but we were just hammered and laughing
our balls off them what do you think
happens to Gavin now well no one bounces
back from this that kind of shit it's so
dry it's a different kind of shit that
he's in right now cult leader tell like
he's in this they've they've got David
Koresh yeah as now says he's got the Eye
of Sauron on him yeah once that's on you
it's very hard to shake that fucking
thing off of you yeah if anyone can do
it it's Gavin he's been really reborn a
couple of times like he was supposed to
be after that trans thing not really uh
they gave him a lot of shit for that
anybody wants to come it was his company
yeah but that's like professional stuff
that's not like a showbiz stuff now he's
in this weird showbiz exiled
yeah yeah well he's on let's see our TV
yeah he's still real he does a show
there yeah fuck watches that I don't
know
you know III see clips of him but yeah
it's was that what did see our TVs it's
another kind of an internet forum yeah
but more straight news kind of based why
would they have him on it he was on
there he got hired by them maybe a year
or so ago if they were trying to do
something straight he's not like well
he's kind of the goofy
I think the goofy aspect of it then
they'll have you know the regular
straight-laced guy why don't you have
him on compound anymore uh he got a
better offer to go over there you know
I'm not gonna hold anybody back here why
are you don't you
it is weird though because you can be
stricken from the record as they showed
with Alex Jones yeah they just holy fuck
did they just get rid of him he's a
non-person
they fucking took every aspect of his
feed off of every bit of social media
and it's obviously a coordinated effort
yeah yeah this is one company that also
competes with another company they all
just universally decided on their own
independently yeah now they coordinated
that I can't stand the I am an
absolutist with free speech I and and I
know the fucking line it's a private
company you can do it they want freedom
of speech is about the government and
this is it it's like yeah but are you
okay with that yeah are you okay with
the faceless corporation deciding what
you can watch and see and hear and who
can speak based on nothing but this
arbitrary ideology that comes out of a
building like I don't like that I want
anyone to have the ability to speak
about anything they want no matter how
repugnant it is like like meet it with
lively debate well here's the here's a
perfect example forget Alex Jones let's
talk about what we talked about earlier
Laura Loomer versus Louis Farrakhan yeah
you where's your consistency you got to
explain to me how that works how does
how is it okay for the guy on Twitter to
be calling Jewish people termites mm-hmm
I mean that that is that's something you
terminate yeah yes it's Nazi Germany
type yeah exactly
how is that okay that's okay with you
but then I mean how about look it's it's
works that way on the left as well like
how about that guy that just got kicked
off a CNN right he was talking about the
Jewish people in Palestine and then he's
for Palestinian Liberation and they were
like fuck you you're done like this this
decision that or the the thought
processes involved in decisions that
they make is not based on rational
thinking and objectively it's so
arbitrary you just don't know it's based
on which way the culture is swinging you
know and the culture is is swinging in a
way that avoids any any possible
accusations of racism if you think in
any way platform you're gonna be thought
of as racist you avoid that because
there's some people say horrific shit
about white people oh yeah yeah they
don't get banned literally calling for
their death and and yet they don't get
that girl that got hired by New York
Times and was a massive uproar because
she had so many anti white things on her
Twitter oh yeah yeah the the asian girl
yeah yeah yeah i mean just all that
ridiculous left-wing woke nonsense you
know they you're allowed to be
completely racist against white people
massive generalizations against white
men in particular yeah yeah it is
it absolutely is discrimination and it's
absolutely what you're doing is you're
being prejudiced but you're being
prejudiced with a stamp well you've got
a stamp of approval yeah yeah yeah
you're allowed to be and I love that
just rules that are made up that are
ridiculous like you're a racist I can't
be a racist right I'm this or that or
that I can't be sexist I can't be this I
mean it's like who's making these
fucking rules up exactly and how come I
am not privy to any of them of course I
can I can call on any of these roles did
the beautiful thing about that is that
hypocrisy will eventually bite them in
their ass and people who are rational
who listen to the argument against it
though you you absolutely can be sexist
against men yeah absolutely can course
and you are a feminists are 100% sexist
against men there's this feminist that I
follow her fucking Twitter picture the
image the big one the banner one yes
says trust no
and okay well good fucking luck cutting
out half the population don't trust them
how about trust all women you gonna do
that well yeah great congratulations
because you got about 15 to 20 percent
cunts and that's you're gonna have to
trust all them yeah yeah good luck you
got 80 80 85 90 % maybe good gals
yeah you got a you're polluted well got
a polluted population just like the men
know the population of men is a polluted
population of women if you if you
thought that you were gonna get pure
drinking water without dropping in those
purification tablets you're gonna get
charged there's some shit in there yeah
you're gonna get you gotta get sick yeah
that I there's no there's no 100% on any
of that so when we saw the whole believe
all women think that happen turn the
Cavanaugh hearings and whatnot I didn't
do that bit the other night did I know
okay I'll tell you something more fair
that's it's it's it's crazy like the
idea that anyone would say believe all
women is as mental as saying believe no
women it's the same stupid thing because
there's gonna be assholes is gonna be
pieces of shit
I I was saying on the show the other day
like no one really wants equality no one
equality isn't good the the fight for
equality is where it's at right and you
never want to attain it because then
you're not special anymore if you're
fighting for equality that you're always
a victim there's always a an oppressor
and you're fighting that once you're
equal you can be called a shithead you
could be called stupid right everything
else you're just another face in the
crowd with another stupid voice that
probably shouldn't be heard so no one
ever really wants equality no matter how
much they're clamoring it was get a
chief you're gonna find some reason why
it's not right why it's not valid and
you can still say that you're you're
being victimized by something is it
currency in it yeah yeah there is
there's this definitely equity and being
a victim and not being equal yet yeah
but you're fighting you can say things
that other people can't say right we see
it all ties you can be completely
prejudiced you can do a lot of things
you could never do if you were another
race
yeah and now you see this uh that
avenatti guy that lawyer just hilarious
he hate the whole believe all women lit
and then like a fucking movie script it
spins around and bites him right in the
s where he's like I didn't do that she's
lying the fact that it happened so fast
Israel like if that would have been
hilarious if it happened two years from
now yes but the fact that it happened
right after yes it's just beyond
hilarious well like the AC uh Asia
Argento chick right yeah the other one
the one who was accusing Harvey
Weinstein of raping her right and then
turned out that she had you mean it's
basically what it what do they call
statutory rape when you have sex with
seventeen year old boy which yeah I
don't think it is yeah I don't think you
think it is either but the laws the law
and the fact that it came out and that
it came out that Bourdain had paid this
kid uh during the whole time they're all
just believe all women and like don't
believe that one yeah yeah yeah that one
you probably shouldn't believe this is
this is a problem you had a real fuckin
problem and the fact that all that went
down you know I mean it's just when
these things play out like this it
almost makes you wonder like god I don't
I don't really believe we're living in a
simulation but if we were living in
something that's designed to almost it
instills this lack of appreciation for
reality yeah that it seemed it all seems
so bizarre
and ludicrous and it keep people keep
like when when the Anthony Weiner got in
trouble for pulling his dick out I swear
to god there was part of me that was
going this doesn't even make this is so
so obvious it's so like right there yeah
yeah so on the button yeah this won't
even subtle enough a lot of that stuff
it seems like everything works out too
much like yeah it's scripted yeah like
during during Trump's campaign I kept
saying he's got a win I go this doesn't
play if he doesn't win this isn't rocky
won this has to be rocky to he's got a
fucking win it
not about the battle and the bravery and
that he's got to win this for this to
work to really highlight the theatre of
the right right he's got to win yes and
some fucking one spot Theatre of the
absurd I mean that guy president with
his fake hair sprayed in with the white
around the eyes it all seems so fake
everything he says he says the way he
looks like yet everything is insane
I still every time I see him walking
down the stairs Air Force One I'm just
like holy fuck Donald Trump is the
president like what what kind of wacky
world a really wacky world really wacky
yeah the other day and I am black your
world when he was given that speech
about Elvis and it's just like people
telling me I looked like Elvis that's
what people have told me if I wasn't
blonde I look like Elvis and and it's
like no one told you that even a little
bit like Elvis no one ever told you that
maybe your belly right when Elvis was
sitting on the ball for the last time
but that's about it
how about when that reporter confronted
him look at the two of them together
picture people tell me I look like the
king maybe oh my god a little bit about
the upper right-hand corner one have you
ha ha have you ever seen anyone trap
anyone okay well okay that fat my
favorite fat Elvis of course thousand
memes now yeah yeah have you ever seen
someone so committed to a comb-over for
so many years like so committed it's not
just a coma it's I don't know what
addition it's a wacky contraption
walking up the stairs of Air Force One
where the winds blowing it behind you
see the whole back of his head is bald
yeah where's the hair coming from it was
like a fucking Vader's head without the
helmet it's kind of looked like that
weird like what's going on you never
know where it's starting and where it
ends in how long it is it's like look at
that oh my god that's just a picture the
the video is more to
Derr because you see the flops yeah yeah
chaos
well how about you know he didn't want
to go out there for the 4th of July
memorial because he didn't want to get
his hair wet his hair wet in the rain
that was a yeah that's what they were
saying what I don't know that is such a
weird thing like he it was a set of
September 11th that's what it was the
president 9/11 oh is the Veterans
Memorial is a Veterans Day isn't it like
that the president is is a guy that's so
like insecure yeah that there are ever
for decades he has to fucking do a
fucking Dairy Queen ice cream fucking
move on his head every day so he's fat
like yeah the thing is like if you're
really concerned so much about your
looks or high why are you fat like while
you're at it I don't think he thinks
he's fat I think he's like one of those
guys that you talked about having a body
dysmorphia body dysmorphia they just he
looks in the mirror and sees Elvis like
young leather-clad Elvis yeah he's got
this weird thing you know where he
doesn't believe in exercise because he
feels like the body is like a battery
and if you put any energy and it's gonna
wear it wears it out well the
motherfucker is up at all hours the dirt
during the campaign for the midterms he
was doing three rallies a day flying all
over the country and he never seemed to
be like he was falling asleep or losing
energy so I don't know what he's doing
well do you know about all that he says
I get exercise I mean I walk I this I
that Trump 71 said during the Oval
Office I run over to a building next
door
I get more exercise than people think I
run over to a building that's amazing my
exercise is incredible he's on allegedly
according to one reporter he's on diet
pills and he's been on diet pills
forever and then there's a prescription
that they mean he he actually even cited
the exact Duane Reade pharmacy where he
was supposed to take this for like a
little while he wound up taking it for
years I was taking some form of
amphetamines for him in this day and age
you would be fucking stunned if you
found out how many journalists how many
people who are writers how many people
that are
Nationals how many people that work or
on adderall um oh yeah Ethan I'm in I
mean I live in an area where there's a
lot of people that have money and they
work real hard and because of the fact
that they need energy I know a shitload
of people that are taking adderall yeah
folks that are in Hollywood folks that
are in finance all sorts of different
yeah I know quite a few also yeah they
it's everywhere man I mean it's it is
such a you know the difference between
methamphetamine and amphetamines the
difference in meth and what you're
getting when you get adderall is so
goddamn close yeah yeah so close but
math it's crazy
yeah you take that your fuckin your meth
head the only difference is how quick it
hits you yeah literally the only
difference and then the dosage that you
get is obviously regulated if you get
adderall
right right I don't know I I'm not I'm
not a pill guy I never have been what do
you got here Jamie we pulling up it says
here about being on a treadmill Oh
awesome block I was on a treadmill for
the first time actually in quite a while
and it was a very steep angle and I was
there for a very long time
he said they were surprised and they
said well you could stop now that's
amazing haha and I said I can go much
longer than this if you want me to hey
Trump I got a fucking right now buddy I
got a challenge how about you join the
silver October Fitness Challenge
oh man hop on we'll put that strap on
you we'll see what's up see who's amazed
[Laughter]
everything is over the top with Trump
it's so good that dieted successfully
before have been more of a believer in
diet cuz I'm strong you know I've always
been more of a believer in diet cuz I'm
strong you know hit the ball far I mean
I'm strong physically he said that is so
hilarious we imagine wrestling him how
weak he must feel like just a bag of
jell-o just bush it's all cushy the
bones are barely held together a thread
like what are you talking about your
stream is all far I'm strung I mean when
he said that he would beat up Joe Barden
that was my though that was like yeah
peak ludicrousness yeah yeah he's like
what you
beat up to Joe Biden would go down fast
and hard that's what he said dude the
fact that they're talking like that
again
absurd it's so fucking funny that well
and Biden has said the same thing I keep
I'll kick his ass he's a plate
when did the Truman and Dewey trade
barbs like that back in the day is what
is he saying Nixon and Kennedy they
asked me what I like to debate this
gentleman I said no I said if we were in
high school I'd take you behind the gym
and beat the hell out of them meanwhile
I don't believe that I think Trump would
kick his ass I really do Trump is meaner
and I think Biden would make a mistake
yeah
Trump better behave it uh he would swing
and he would slip and he would fall and
he'd fuck his knee up and Trump would
kick him in the face like a soccer ball
he would get lucky and he would walk
away and Biden would be holding his
teeth and blood coming out of his mouth
anybody told you when the best the best
ever and he'd get away with it yes like
he gets away with a lot of things and
there'd be a lot of dick Trump's ass and
get back at him but it would never
manifest its it would never come to play
no no it's like what's going on now it's
like where people thought stormy Daniels
gonna take him down and then it turns
out stormy Daniels beat some chick up on
a porn set and and now she's after
avenatti also because he apparently
isn't giving her an accounting of where
all the money that she raised online was
going to and he apparently filed she
said he filed that lawsuit against Trump
against her wishes she didn't want it
done and now she she's not getting an
accounting of the money it's hilarious
he has a decimation said she lost yeah
now she has to pay his legal fees
so this naughty naughty guy's hilarious
he wants to run for president just
another dummy in the mix another dummy
listen he's another guy chaining himself
to a building it's the same thing it's
the same horn right he just wants
attention I should talk to guys in
Hollywood he works in Hollywood he's
like a high-level guy he's got a
respectable job and he's like we need a
guy like that like that avenatti guy on
our side it doesn't talk any shit why he
doesn't take any shit a guy who could
call Trump out on his bullshit and I'm
like what are you talking about man like
what are you talking about
this guy this lawyer this guy's the guy
you think you need running the country
are you serious it's a disaster they
wanted to believe that he was the guy
right it fit the narrative yes we need a
guy like that we need a good guy like
Trump you know right what Keith Oberman
is this is what all these people are a
good guy who's gonna tell him you fat
fuck you fucking liar you piece of shit
well the Trump Trump has nothing to lose
is what it is like Trump could say
anything and he does because were they
gonna do what they're gonna do he's one
of the things about diet pills they were
putting about and feta means and they
were reading down in this article all of
the side effects of ocean and it's like
mountains of grandeur elevated sense of
your place in the world all he is the
president elevated sense of the
president wow that is a I'm the
president of the world I think he thinks
he is but yes he's working but if he's
the press the United States you're
basically a pretty much present in the
world yeah yeah I mean at least if
there's a number one through 10 you're
number one yeah yeah who's definitely
number two they think that is that's
number two no it's not Oh his Donald
fucking Trump Donald a one of my
favorite very quickly Vincent Lee she
was she said I would like to be
President
that's what she said oh yeah yeah liking
to be President well you should never be
president then cuz that's not what the
job is that jobs not some shit you put
on your resume right I like to be
President I'd like to like a cookie yeah
yeah that's what it comes off as I would
like to be the queen like that I would
like if you kiss my ass I would suck my
toes what would you would like it
Trump like it that's why Trump comes off
as like just a bad stand-up when he does
those rallies and everything yeah like
you could tell when he's squinting at
the the prompter and he's like we as
Americans must live above and then you
see his eyes open he's like so let me
tell you about he's on prompter and
that's when I go oh here it comes here
comes a winner and and when he when he
talks about ice and he's like the men
and women device just amazing people a
job that none of us want to do we don't
want to do and then
starts the crowd work this guy over here
look at him he didn't want to do it see
his wife knows he's what like he's doing
crowd work like fuck it's the president
it's so fucking bizarre do you remember
that one 90-minute speech that he gave
this rambling nonsense that people go
this is the day the presidency unraveled
it was two years ago
that shit was forever he's still
unraveling it's it's it's not even
unraveling it's just who he is do we go
back to the you know this guy the hole
and what we need to do cuz guaranteed in
2020 that's gonna be the pitch against
Trump we need to return to some
semblance of society it's gonna be a
young Democratic Socialist type
character that says a lot of things the
young people want to hear right and then
it's like a completely anti-racist
anti-homophobia trans right so that's
the right that's what I think and you're
someone who can hold it together and
some doesn't have a good fucking
Beelzebub in the closet yeah that's
getting tougher and tougher to find
these days man there is some shit just
fucking graveyards falling out of
people's closets and it's the people
that want to be in power that all have
these fucking skeleton yeah yeah that's
what's the weird thing these people that
want to be in power yeah I think it's
hilarious like you look at the
politician like you just described at a
rally or a speech and behind them it's
just it's so well choreographed like
every nationality is represented and you
know you just see it looks like
something out of a fucking Star Trek
episode that hats from different lands
and all kinds of things and it's like
that to me is just as fake and and
potentially like offensive as just the
Trump background that's like white trash
it's like Laura Dern running Star Trek
or Star Wars it's like just bring it
back yes it's like oh okay I see what
you're doing not the Lord turns a bad
actually she's a great actress
but then that role when she's like
telling the pilot to shut up listen stop
guys a fucking straight-up killer
without their flying a pilot he's pilot
spaceship getting down evil robots I
want to blow up the planet yeah he's
really gonna be intimidated by laura
dern I remember when we first started
running this Empire shop no sound fuck
up she's force-fed just force-fed that
yeah these really obvious this
theatrical plays at diversity and
inclusive yeah yeah recive nests and you
can tell that they're like they've
pushed everybody
there's no authenticity to there they're
messy not like they have to push every
correct button and say all the right
notes and make all the right sounds it's
yeah yeah it's like this thing they're
they're they're complying
it's a compliance thing right much as it
is an expression of who they are as
individuals yeah yeah you have to be
compliant with this new this new way
people are thinking and behaving but but
it's so ham-handed
like like it's really over the top it's
obvious it's like a guy named Weiner
pulling his dick out it's not too
obvious it's too clunky to write in the
head you know what I heard that some of
the movies that are coming out I think
they're doing a girl version of bad boys
which is like why the fuck it's just
again it was bustard like Ghostbusters
which was such a success and then I saw
this there is how my little girl kicked
off a Twitter yeah yeah like goofing on
what's-her-name there Leslie lessons
yeah yeah so I read this the other day
there's a Broadway show of King Kong is
now a Broadway musical and they have
this amazing kind of marionette gorilla
on the stage giant fucking thing and the
girl it plays a and arrow and and now a
new girl has been cast she's black now
I'm like this the whole gist of King
Kong is the fact that it's a white broad
yeah like the whole island is full of
black chicks whoa this is this
marionette King Kong Pixar what's up
with his face I don't know they had to
make him you know almost you know how
the characters looking the Lion King
musical something
yeah yeah it was that that's all a
marionette yeah it's like a fucking it's
on cables and and shit there's people
working it and oh how strange if you if
there's a video clip of it and you see
it kind of move it's a it is Strauss
yeah we got to see a video but like I
said the whole fucking thing is based on
it's the white chick yeah like like it
it's part of the story you can I can
understand you can cast a black actress
and a white actress apart is that but
when it's so integral to the story that
this fucking guy yeah is that's sick
that's amazing yeah yeah it looks pretty
fuckin badass but where's this fur get
out of there buddy wow this is amazing
yeah isn't that sick and a fuckin out
Broadway stage they got all this that's
going on it really is that really is
amazing they got the teeth lit up and
everything
yeah the lighting is pretty important
and pretty badass so this is the old one
the old one used to be a blonde chick
yeah yeah no not anymore you know we're
gonna get a black trans man yeah I mean
the whole gimmick is that congas been on
this island with black chicks yeah and
he sees her and just loses his fucking
mind yeah I have a whole bit of bike you
heard it the other night it's the
fucking brilliant it's so goddamn funny
it is true it's like yeah that movie is
like the most racist movie when the
remake came out I think it was a Peter
Jackson remake came out
patrisse went off on it yeah and did a
whole thing about what the movie
represents and what the chick and the
gorilla represents there and it was
fucking brilliant
only as Patrice could have done it and
he you know he nailed it do you know the
movie frozen the little kids movie yeah
I never saw it a girl who can fucking
turning things into ice yeah I think
there's a Disney version a live Disney
version that they've decided to do and
in the live Disney version they're the
girl is now played by a black girl
uh-huh
but it's it's a blonde girl who lives in
like Norway yeah it doesn't
to have her be played by a black girl
when people went crazy they sent all
these emails in like this is outrageous
like what are you doing it's like yeah
but I feel like these companies they
it's there's too many people involved
right it's not like a compound media
it's just Anthony cumbia making
decisions right right with something
like Disney you have this board and you
probably in in California you have to
have a certain amount of women on the
board right magically Pamela's peeling
you have to have like equal
representation of everyone everyone's
super concerned about diversity like
paraphrasing pitch to show and when they
want walked in there the first question
they said he pitched the show they go
okay where's it diversity where's the
diversity like he was pitching a sitcom
yeah where's the diversity he's like I'm
just pitching you something funny I
pitch you a funny program yeah yeah okay
we need a we need an Asian man I need a
black woman we needed this and that and
again like we were talking about it's so
obvious that it becomes distracting yeah
like I don't want I don't want to have
to watch something that that diversity
is just forced in there right because
you notice it and now you're distracted
and you can't really enjoy the thing
like that King Kong thing like howdy how
do they do the part where the the the
natives on Skull Island Kong is just
like I a get out of here
but this one is like all this yeah like
there has to be something different yeah
and it's definitely the hair color and
the skin cuts just what it was it's
regardless of how horrible it is or
whatever has it's just the way it is
grow up right move on I yes time has
passed you by
old man old white dude yeah Oh old white
dude doesn't like when a black woman
gets real if it's sorry for all black
women oh so there are so many instances
where that's fine and no one would
notice and whatever I don't even I don't
have a problem with Hamilton or whatever
they want to cast founding fathers as
black and Hispanic dudes whatevs go at
it but like when it's an integral part
of the story it's most of the story it's
the reason really loses his mind right
falls in love with the white chick I'll
hold
he's he's on camera in the movie he's
there
losing his mind because of the white
chick yeah just don't make a movie right
then just don't don't make the movie
does it make the play yeah make the play
we're gonna have a black woman of color
yeah yeah woman of color that's that's
my favorite criticisms is how dare two
white people have this discussion
without a person of color
well that's true yeah yeah it's the
colleague that shit for this but it's
from who yeah that can go fuck
themselves
who preposterous idea the idea that way
hold on Anthony before we go any further
let's bring in a person of color yeah
yeah a person of color how should we we
are we were two privileged people we
shouldn't be discussing is that is true
you can't even communicate about
something no no you can't and all we
hear about is how we need an open and
honest discussion about race and then
the second you try to have one well shut
up don't talk about the one that
everybody keeps ignoring do you want to
know what's races Harvard tries really
hard to keep Asian people out yeah yeah
making it way more difficult because
Asian people are far better at school
than white people just the way it is and
they have to balance that they it would
be full of Asians but so what if
everybody was got accepted for
qualifications yeah that would be asian
harvard but it is amazing the people
that are rallying against racial
discrimination don't look at that
because that is absolute racial
discrimination but on the other end of
the spectrum right right you're taking
these people that are there are minority
there are small percentage of the
population and they vastly outperform
most other groups yeah yeah and because
of that harvard has made it more
difficult for them to get in and now
there's a giant class-action lawsuit
against one of the most liberal and
progressive Institutes of higher
learning ever racist they're fucking
undeniably racist that is a racist yeah
it's race against the superior people
it's absolutely based on nothing but
someone's race ethnic background yeah
and they're they're doing it yeah so
they're doing it for now for now but but
you don't hear about this from the
social justice warriors and
Bader's they wanted to go on about white
privilege and you know yeah it really is
but look I just like bringing shit up
that I notice and and if I notice that
they're squeezing diversity into
something that doesn't need it
III think it looks it's like I said
distracting and it's out of place and
then other things like the other day I
noticed and and you probably shouldn't
even say it that the Mars probe that
just landed on Mars and they showed the
control room at Jet Propulsion
laboratories and they're all as plotting
could possibly be the least diverse room
I've ever seen in my life a bunch of
white nerds that's all it was there were
a couple of like big women like like
kind of you know lesbians lesbians in
there but for the most part it was every
nerdy guy grown up and landing a fucking
speck a billion miles away on fucking
Mars it's it's insane because when it
push comes to shove you need the people
that can get the job done right and and
if it's that room of people it's that
room of people you can't artificially
diversify something just for the optic
and get the job done they had everyone
in that room had a reason to be there
and I assume it's based on
qualifications but if you notice that or
mention it I'm sure I'll be called a
fucking racist for that yeah for sure
don't ever notice things guess what the
rule is don't notice trends don't notice
things feel like that's going away
though
yeah we do so I just I don't see it the
holding I just I feel like it's a bright
wave of nonsense that's hitting us and
it's gonna balance back out and rational
thinking is can here's the thing like
this is where the things that drives me
crazy it's like you know address your
white privilege recognize your white
privilege no you know why I'm not racist
okay so if I'm not racist you should be
concentrating on racism you shouldn't be
concentrating on people who don't
experience racism because they're
fortunately white because I didn't do
anything
right yes by being but what they're
doing is they're putting you in a
position where you're all
is guilty and once they put you in that
box they always can shut you up because
they're the logic is not very good so
the discourse is not it's not well
thought out it's not really nuanced so
because of that they want to be able to
just push a button and shut you off
right that button is the white privilege
button but that's you're looking at a
but you're looking at a reality yeah do
white people have it easier than people
who get racially discriminated against
yes sure the problem is not the white
people that have it easy the problem is
the people that racially discriminate
yeah yeah so you're looking at the wrong
thing so you're finding someone you want
to make them a bad person just by being
the you know the the thing that you've
decided is the oppressor yeah it's a
racist thing everything is the same
level whether you have an opinion about
something just voicing an opinion about
something that involves race or
sexuality or whatever it is and
literally calling for violence against
yes people have a certain it's all in
the same category when it's ridiculous
you could have your personal opinion on
anything that that is sensitive these
days like I said race or sexuality or
what-have-you
it doesn't mean anything unless you use
some kind of negativity or oppression or
something against the person because of
your opinion until you do that you just
have a fucking opinion right and and
it's not all that dangerous patrice used
to say that too it goes I never met a
racist in my life was I never met one
never sat down and had someone calling
the n-word or anything like that it goes
never met one he's been in the wrong
places
maybe the knife take him some places but
but it's like let's say you have
somebody that has a low opinion of of
black people and used your going to a
bar you sit down and there's black dudes
sitting there and you watching the
Yankee game or something and go uh he
goes hey look at that the Yankees have
win it is is the guy go to turn around
and go fuck your and drop it in bombs in
it or is he gonna go yeah I guess so
like like there's there's levels of
alright they he might have an idea about
it but until you start exercising that I
don't honestly you don't see a problem
with it there's
terminate and they have discriminatory
ideas about all sorts of things it's
just when you allow some but don't allow
others when you allow discrimination
against white people but you don't allow
it against black right
yeah create resentment when you allow
discrimination against men but don't
allow it against women because you feel
like women have been victimized so it's
our time it's our turn
well no it doesn't work that way it
doesn't work that way especially when
you're talking to people that aren't
rapists right yeah call everybody a
rapist and the people who aren't rapists
go oh okay so you think everybody's a
rapist well you well you're fucking
crazy and then they start changing what
rape is right yeah yeah well that's what
they that's kind of what they've done I
mean obviously the like the louis c.k
situation I know that is so people are
so divided on that one and my opinion is
if if he didn't do anything make anyone
do anything against their will he's just
a guy that has a strange proclivity you
know he likes jerking off in front of
people apparently the cats out of the
bag there yeah but like with those girls
that upset 20 years ago were they that
upset 20 years ago that that now it's an
issue or with a giggling where they let
like I need to know how they were then
because I don't give a fuck what you
think now like at the time what was it
okay was it cool with you did you sit
there and fucking rib elbow to the ribs
with your girlfriend go look at this guy
jerking off in front of us to me I don't
care what what time is done because the
the the the way something looks the
morality or ethics or respect that is
expected in 2018 ain't what it was 20
years ago right so you can't be held
liable for something you did 20 years
ago when it was normal or a little
strange or whatever the fuck it was well
I think it's always been weird to peed
off in front of people that's an odd
thing to do I think about it is though
he asked if he could write and this is
something that I've brought up to be
buggle you know and people say oh you
know he would lock these women in the
room and be it off tomorrow stop okay if
you guinness if you're gonna like push
this you're saying that because that
fits your narrative he's this abusive
person who's
his power now here's another problem
with that when this was all going down
he wasn't very famous no that's just a -
so what power was he abusing he he was a
successful comedian he was admired by
his peers because he was really funny
yeah he wasn't louis c.k like the super
star filling out Madison Square Garden
louis c.k yeah it wasn't the same guy
you know he he didn't even have all the
HBO specials and all the Netflix
specials yes yes same guy so he was just
another comic that liked to beat off in
front of people and he would ask first
so when you say that he you know forced
these women and wouldn't let them leave
none of them say that in fact he asked
and when they said no he didn't do it he
didn't say oh well good you don't want
me to beat off that'll make it feel even
better when I beat off in front of you
shut the fuck up and sit down you know
he doesn't doing no no he was asking
which is which is so strange but weird
it's not it's it's not in the same realm
as as Harvey Weinstein's not even
fucking know it's not even close it's
not even close but people don't want you
to rationalize now don't want you to
grade things they just want to talk
about abuse all abuse gets shoveled into
this one little pie chart area like this
is male abusers yeah and then they'll
put Matt Lauer right next to Bill Cosby
right next to louis c.k like well this
seems kind of crazy and then when you
say it's crazy like Matt Damon said
let's I think we should make a
distinction you become a rape apologist
if you say things like that and it's
weird because it's odd because even
saying the word rape these days like a
little red flag goes off in your head
like how did I say that did I sinful did
I say it evil and it was a sound evil or
salivating right don't be salivating
don't smile when you say it's very
somber mnDOT's this I use the term all
the time because it's the only one that
really fits Orwellian yes everything is
so strange now it if you read 1984 years
ago you couldn't fathom things getting
like that but man in some cases it's Eve
worse than than expected do you think
there aren't uh none person you don't
think there's an unbalanced unperson
yeah wipe them clean from the fucking
that's it yeah
the this new speak words are twisted
like it means the opposite of what it
was supposed to mean and and it's
something that you never thought would
happen I always thought like we read a
book like that or some other kind of
dystopian story you get like a like an
orb is supposed to be some kind of orb
with the government looking at you and
yeah don't do that sir 26:53 Oh to sit
down and and then it's like oh fuck it
was us oh we're the rats yes we pick up
our phone and we're at each other out
and we're big brother like we turned out
to be the bad guys yeah the collective
it's not the government Dave like a like
like oh boy you're gonna the
government's gonna put a tracking device
on you fuck that he comes to my house
and once it but I'll shoot him I don't
care oh you forgot your phone don't
don't leave your house without your
fucking tracking device yeah like it's
the same thing and they do use those in
crime case scores everything is
presented as a convenience when I first
got EZ Pass it was like this is awesome
I don't have to wait on a line a
tollbooth and throat change in or
something I'm whizzing right through and
then I see a story it's like Oh easy
pass use in a divorce case to see what
the husband was going here or there that
and it's like oh that's handy that's
handy and then you see on the Insurance
commercials it's like use this safe
driver thing it goes in your car and it
acts like a planes black box and and it
shows how safe you driving they'll
reduce your rates it's like really it's
not gonna be used if I'm speeding again
into accident for them to go yeah we're
not paying your fucking thing because
obviously we read that you were speeding
and and and didn't stop or like it's all
presented as a convenience Alexa you
literally you're TVs they all rat you
out
it's Alexa isn't this magic thing that
everything happens internally that shit
sends everything you say out records it
somewhere and then sends whatever
it's supposed to give back back to it
and that's what it is
but everything is is saved and do you
really know when it's listening and what
when you're taught you say certain thing
I had Alexa for a little while I don't
know why all I ever did was like Alexa
whether it would tell me the weather I
could have checked on my phone and then
it started doing things like I'd just be
watching TV and it would be like I don't
have an answer for that like yeah I
don't need that shit I don't know what
it's doing I don't know what it's
listening to dialogue from the
television from maybe the TV maybe it's
just listening to every fucking thing I
say I think and sending a transcript you
somewhere things you say because then
you could go to the app on your phone
and every question you ever asked it is
listed there in text fucking form swear
to you every conversation you have but
the goddamn thing is somewhere well hey
wow dad what are you worried there you
go well hey hey hey long as it keeps us
safe
right right keeps us safe how about yeah
if you're not doing anything bad well in
10 years will this be bad in five years
just like shit that of 20 years ago
wasn't bad
now it's a fucking crime right you'll be
exiled from society I don't know what if
what I'm saying now can be brought up in
ten years and you know when I play video
games I say some pretty nasty shit yeah
I don't want Alexa or or my smart TV to
listen to every fucking thing I say and
record transcripts of what I'm talking
about and we bring it in our house no
one's forcing you to put this fucking
ratignolle's
you you you paid for it you spent money
and you put it there and plugged it in
yourself it's amazing how we went from
not trusting anything I remember when in
online shopping first started me like
I'm not putting my credit card in there
now you laughing what are you kidding
you just drove through 2020 face
scanners license plate scanners to get
here yeah your card is being picked up
by a sensor so they can target advertise
you in the mall so there's no privacy
anymore and we love it we love that
there's no privacy I don't want to go to
the mall for Christmas let's go to
Amazon and now there's a list of every
fucking thing I buy
at Amazon that's being sent to everyone
all over the place
you think you got privacy fuck you you
can't even move to a Montana anymore in
a cabin and be off the grid it just
doesn't happen so I love Jessie the body
ever see Jessie when it does I'm off the
grid I'm I'm going to Mexico and I'm off
the grid and it's like he's got a show
called off the grid it's like well yeah
you're on the grid right I'm a fighter
governor ease
yeah he's off the grid but he's
constantly on the grid there's no off
the grid anymore there's no the whole
world's gonna be on the grid yeah the
whole world that's what I can expand
these satellite imagery things for my
internet yeah doing that as well were
they gonna have satellite internet
available everywhere all over the world
all over the world everybody up to speed
and I was talking about this with
somebody else isn't it amazing that GPS
has worked for as long as it has yeah
flawlessly it's amazing how good never a
problem inch by inch
like literally tells you turn right and
you're right they're amazing and I think
we have the dumbed down version like the
military has that the premium version
like sure but yeah by this by the inch
and we have you know by a couple of feet
but it's to me it's amazing that like
it's worth to this long never goes out
like oh it's really I had it on cd-rom
in my car in 1998
stylin yeah I had the early version of
that and it was a big stupid thing that
had to sit on top of the roof of my car
to catch to catch the satellite like a
disc or sounds like some some weird
antenna that had to go up there yeah
they used to have to have to pick up the
GPS how come the satellites aren't any
different but the receivers are like can
be a lot smaller and fucking phones in
your fucking picks up while it's in your
pocket they're tracking you while it's
in your pocket in your car as you're
driving of course when it's off when
it's I I don't trust any of these
electrons I use them I'm not gonna throw
my fucking phone away
and and if I do forget it there's no
more horrifying feeling then driving
away from your house and going oh fuck
yeah I don't have my tracking device
and you will turn around and get it
because you can't function without it
it's everything to people again if there
was that EMP or whatever the fuck it is
that just zaps the the grid you would
see pandemonium yeah in no time
well you would see pandemonium if just
the power grid went down for any reason
if some yeah like a terrorist attack
took out the power grid yeah we need
power way more than we think we do oh
absolutely
you just think nothing of we in New York
we had the hurricane a few years ago
five six years ago I guess it was and
the one that took out Jersey and Long
Island and stuff and we went nine days
without power in in the house and on
Long Island and you could see it fraying
around the edges man society just the
first couple of days you'd be on online
at the gas station to fill up jerry cans
to take back to your generators at the
house and it's like oh okay excuse me oh
no you were first go ahead go ahead by
that seventh eighth day it got fuck you
know i was standing here go fuck
yourself get to the back of the line now
could you imagine if that was you trying
to get your kids medication or something
or food like it just goes a little
longer and now moods getting a little
scares you are gonna have a problem and
i'm stunned it hasn't happened to any
extent really we saw we saw it close
with katrina i think and violence
started that was that was a little out
of hand but you zapped that grid and
give people they have nothing i wound up
getting a giant fucking like a cummings
generator this thing like is for backup
power at hospitals so when the power
goes out in my neighborhood literally my
pool is running floodlights in the
backyard every tvs on it comes on
automatically just sit there and fuel
with it's a liquid propane
I have two one thousand gallon tanks
buried in my front yard
why so it would it would it would last
for all long fucking time lungs and I
defended on how much you use because the
more
the more draw on it the the heart of the
engines got to work so it depends if I'm
running my whole house it would last a
few weeks and it's safe to that propane
to be in those cans oh yeah underground
now they're in giant tanks but they're
running natural gas into my neighborhood
so I might have it converted over to
natural gas but I like the fact that if
the gas breaks - I can still at least
Jack a an LP truck somewhere and fill up
my own tank you know push came to shove
but it is just every light in the house
can be on my neighbor hoods dark I'm
just looking out like an ass fuckers
yeah yeah a few times
I'm waiting for a big one though like I
really want to being bad blackout just
like and they're gonna know that you're
the guy with the power let's say the guy
with the fridge that's where the guns
come in like it really it there is
something a little creepy about the the
prospect that we are really delicately
balanced as a society it could really
fly apart we trust too much that the
powers just gonna be on yeah that the
waters gonna run that the food's gonna
be at the supermarket or whatever the
fuck it is like you got a great
advantage being able to hunt you know
many people don't know do you know what
American refugees would look like the
fat fucking mess
crossing some border to Canada to be
saved from some Cataclysm that happened
down here what a bunch of fucking just
weak soft no nothing every convenience
they've used for years just not trained
in the feeding yourself outside in the
wild you have no idea give her skin an
animal you ever kill something to eat do
you know how to get water from just the
humidity in the air or you know there
are things that we just don't know
because we depend on technology and we
trust that it's always gonna be there
because it has been I mean you know we
get very complacent but that's why if it
ever failed oh fuck you better hunker
down something clearer it's crazy
indeed and on that note dude we just did
like four hours under it it seems like
it flew right by it did floor that is
nuts Joe I got a
Thank You Man thank you I love being on
your show for real you're the reason why
this all happened it's crazy now people
know it's fuckin nuts I I love it I love
it was good see thank you very much
cool oh the poopies gentleman yeah he's
got a book out permanently suspended
available anywhere
go to compound Mediacom for all the
details all right bye oh yeah awesome
[Music]